---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "ordinary"
year: "2011"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20230404161343/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/gazette/2011/35-VI-3%28a%29.pdf"
Part: "9. 35-VI-3(a).pdf"
Content: "Notifications issued by cost recoverable institutions of State and Central Governments. JUDICIAL NOTIFICATION - Insolvency Petition"
Date: "2011-09-14"
Issue: "35"
---

DTP—VI-3(a)—(35)
[ 77 ]
TAMIL NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 35]
CHENNAI, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 2011
Aavani 28, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2042
  Pages.
©
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2009-11.
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
2011
[Price :  Re. 0.80   Paise.
Part VI—Section  3(a)
Notifications  issued  by  cost  recoverable  institutions  of
State  and  Central  Governments.
NOTIFICATIONS BY HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS, ETC.
CONTENTS
JUDICIAL NOTIFICATION
Insolvency Petition
..
..
..
..
..
78


78
TAMIL NADU GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
[Part VI—Sec. 3(a)
NOTIFICATIONS BY HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS, ETC.
JUDICIAL NOTIFICATION
INSOLVENCY PETITION
In the Court of the Principal Subordinate Judge of Tenkasi
I.P. No. 1 of 2010
(D.No. 1695)
No. VI-3(a)/62/2011.
Chandran, son of Ponniah, aged 40 years, and residing at Krishnan Koil Street, Kadappokathi, Gunaramanallur Village,
Tenkasi Taluk—Petitioner.
Versus
1.
Rajasekar, Business, residing at Thevar Middle Street, Sivakasi, Virudhunagar District.
2.
Navaneethakrishnan, aged 30 years, and residing at Nattanmai House, Eddakkappatty, Sivakasi, Virudhunagar.
3.
Mahalingam, aged 40 years, Leader Loadman, Anna Marketing, Sivakasi, Virudhunagar District.
4.
Rengarajan, aged 32 years, Tea Stall Business, residing at Near Nadar Lodge, Sivakasi, Virudhunagar District.
5.
Yogamuthu, aged 30 years, Vegetable Shop, residing at Dana Bazar, Sivakasi, Virudhunagar District.
6.
Ramar, aged 30 years, residing at Ayyappan Colony, Virudhunagar District.
7.
Senthamarai, aged 45 years, and residing at Kattallappatti, Ayyappan Colony, Virudhunagar District.
8.
Virudhunagar District Sivakasi Ratna Vilas Bus Stop, Virudhunagar Co-operative Society Bank through its Branch
Manager.
9.
Virudhunagar District, Sathur Bus Stand, Sapthakiri Finance through its Owner—Respondents.
Notice is hereby given under Section 19(2) of the Provincial Insolvency Act, that the petitioner has applied of this Court
praying to adjudge himself as insolvent and that the said petition stand posted on 14th October 2011 for hearing.
Dated this day of 19th August 2011.
Tenkasi,
S. RAJAVEL,
20th August 2011.
Principal Subordinate Judge.
 PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
