---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "ordinary"
year: "2018"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220815175526/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/gazette/2018/24_I.pdf"
Part: "1. Part 1"
Content: "Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments. I. NOTICE REGARDING GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY ISSUES PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK. II. NOTICE REGARDING PARTS AND SECTIONS OF THE GAZETTE NOT PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK."
Date: "2018-06-13"
Issue: "24"
---

TAMIL  NADU 
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE 
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
 
[ 81 ]
DTP—Part-I (24)
 
© 
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
 GOVERNMENT  OF  TAMIL  NADU 
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
 
 2018 
[Price :  Re 0.80 Paise.
No. 24] 
CHENNAI, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Vaikasi 30, Vilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu – 2049
Part  I
Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of 
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS   BY  GOVERNMENT
- NIL -                                                        
CONTENTS


 
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE 
[Part   I
82
I. NOTICE REGARDING GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY ISSUES PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK.
The following Notiﬁ cations were published in Extraordinary issues of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette
during the week ending 2nd June 2018 :— 
Issue 
Number.
 Part and Section.
Date of  Issue.
Issued by.
Subject.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
191.
Part II—Section 2
28th  May 2018
Commercial Taxes and 
Registration Department
Notiﬁ cations under the Tamil Nadu 
Goods and Services Tax Act, 
2017.
      Amendment to Notiﬁ cation.
192.
Do.
Do.
Animal Husbandry, Dairying 
and Fisheries Department
Places and Dates for Conducting 
Jallikattu under the Prevention 
of Cruelty to Animals Act, 
1960, as Amended by the 
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals 
(Tamil Nadu Amendment) Act, 
2017 (Act 1 of 2017). 
193.
Do.
29th  May 2018
Backward Classes,  Most 
Backward Classes and 
Minorities Welfare 
Department
Reconstitution of certain Person as 
Member of the Tamil Nadu State 
Haj Committee under the Haj 
Committee Act.
194.
Do.
30th May 2018
Public Department
   (Law and Order-F)
Appointment of Commission of 
Inquiry to Inquire into Causes 
and Circumstances Leading to 
the Law and Order Disturbances 
which look Place on 23rd January 
2017 at Chennai, Madurai, 
Coimbatore and other Parts of 
the State following the Agitation 
for holding of Jallikattu under 
the Commissions of Inquiry Act.
    Amendment to Notiﬁ cation 
195.
Part IV—Section 1
31st  May 2018
Legislative Assembly of the 
State of Tamil Nadu
Tamil Nadu Agricultural University 
(Amendment) Act 2018.
      L.A. Bill No. 20 of 2018.
196.
Part II—Section 2
Do.
Transport Department
Acquisition of Lands.
197.
Part III—Section 1(a) 
Do.
Rural Development and 
Panchayat Raj Department
Amendment to the Tamil Nadu 
Panchayats (Public Landing 
P l a c e s ,  
H a l t i n g  
P l a c e s 
and Cart-stands) Rules.
198.
Part II—Section 1 
1st  June 2018
Finance Department
    
Market Borrowing Programme of 
State Government by Auction
 II. NOTICE REGARDING PARTS AND SECTIONS OF THE GAZETTE NOT PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK.
 
The following Parts and Sections of the Gazette are not published in this week:—
  
Part II—Section 1
  
Part IV—Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4
  
Part V—Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4
  
Part VI—Sections 3 (a) and 3 (b)
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI 
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
