---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "ordinary"
year: "2018"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220815175503/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/gazette/2018/25_I.pdf"
Part: "1. Part 1"
Content: "Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments. I. NOTICE REGARDING GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY ISSUES PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK. II. NOTICE REGARDING PARTS AND SECTIONS OF THE GAZETTE NOT PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK. PUBLIC DEPARTMENT - Special-A - Appointment"
Date: "2018-06-20"
Issue: "25"
---

TAMIL  NADU 
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE 
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
 
[83 ]
DTP—Part-I (25)
 
© 
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
 GOVERNMENT  OF  TAMIL  NADU 
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
 
 2018 
[Price :  Rs. 1.60 Paise.
No. 25] 
CHENNAI, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Aani 6, Vilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu – 2049
Part  I
Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of 
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS   BY  GOVERNMENT
CONTENTS
           
            PUBLIC DEPARTMENT
           (Special-A)
Pages.
Appointment  
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
 
 
 
 
otice   
 
 
 
.. 
.. 
..
85


 
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE 
[Part   I
84
I. NOTICE REGARDING GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY ISSUES PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK.
The following Notiﬁ cations were published in Extraordinary issues of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette
during the week ending 9th June 2018 :— 
Issue 
Number.
 Part and Section.
Date of  Issue.
Issued by.
Subject.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
199
Part III—Section 1(a)
4th June 2018
Health and Family 
Welfare Department 
Tamil Nadu Clinical Establishments 
(Regulations) Rules, 2018.
200
Part II—Section 2
Do.
Do.
'Competent Authority' to perform the 
Functions at District Level under
the Tamil Nadu Clinical Establishments 
(Regulation) Act, 1997.
201
Do.
5th June 2018
Industries Department
Acquisition of Lands.
202
Part IV—Section 1
7th June 2018
Legislative Assembly 
of the State of 
Tamil Nadu 
The Tamil Nadu Industrial Establishments 
(National, Festival and Special Holidays) 
Amendment Act, 2018 etc.
       L.A. Bill No. 21 of 2018 etc.
203
Part II—Section 1
8th June 2018
Finance Department
Market Borrowing Programme of State 
Government by Auction
 II. NOTICE REGARDING PARTS AND SECTIONS OF THE GAZETTE NOT PUBLISHED DURING THE WEEK.
 
The following Parts and Sections of the Gazette are not published in this week:—
  
Part II—Section 1
  
Part III—Section 2
  
Part IV—Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4
  
Part V—Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4
  
Part VI—Sections 2, 3 (a) and 3 (b)
  


June 20, 2018] 
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE 
 
 
 85
NOTIFICATIONS BY GOVERNMENT
_______
PUBLIC DEPARTMENT
(Special-A)
[G.O. Ms. No. 402, Public (Special-A), 2nd June 2018, 
Vaikasi 19, Vilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2049.]
No. I/PUSP/23/2018.— The following Notification of 
the Government of India, Ministry of Law and Justice, 
Department of Justice, Jaisalmer House, 26, Man Singh Road,
New Delhi-110 011, dated 1st June, 2018 is republished:—  
In exercise of the powers conferred by clause (1) of 
Article 224 of the Constitution of India, the President is 
pleased to Appoint S/Shri (1) Kumari P.T. Asha, (2) M. Nirmal 
Kumar, (3) Subramonium Prasad, (4) N. Anand Venkatesh, 
(5) G.K. Ilanthiraiyan, (6) Krishnan Ramasamy and 
(7) C. Saravanan, to be Additional Judges of the Madras 
High Court, in that order of seniority,  for a period of two 
years with effect from the date they assume charge of their 
respective ofﬁ ces.
[No.K-13026/02/2017-U.S.I]
 
RAJINDER KASHYAP,  
 
 
Joint Secretary to the Government of India.
(By Order of the Governor)
 
GIRIJA VAIDYANATHAN,
 
Chief Secretary.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI 
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
