---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "ordinary"
year: "2022"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20221116084310/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/gazette/2022/46_VI_1.pdf"
Part: "6. Part VI--Section 1"
Content: "Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, Etc GENERAL NOTIFICATIONS - “C” Forms Missing - Variations to the Approved Coimbatore Master Plan for the Local Planning Area JUDICIAL NOTIFICATIONS - Constitution of a District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court at Kariapatti in Virudhunagar District, etc.- Conferment of Magisterial Powers"
Date: "2022-11-16"
Issue: "46"
---

TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
 
  © 
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
 GOVERNMENT  OF  TAMIL  NADU 
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009. 
 
 
 
  2022 
[Price:  Rs.  3.20 Paise.
[493]
DTP—VI-1 (46)—1
No. 46] 
CHENNAI, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2022 
 
 
 
 
Aippasi 30, Subakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2053
Part  VI—Section  1
Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by
Heads of Departments, Etc.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  HEADS  OF  DEPARTMENTS,  ETC.
CONTENTS
GENERAL NOTIFICATIONS
Pages
“C” Forms Missing—உதÝ ஆைணயÄ (மாவ), இராÕÁேப½ைட (ÒÁகா½) வÛ ÝÖÁĆ 
சரக¿ைத சாÄÀத வÕகÄகßÊ பÖÝற¹கÂ ெசÃயÁப½ட 'Ò' பÔவÂ ÝவரÂ .. 
..
494
Variation to the Approved Second Master Plan for the Chennai Metropolitan Area 2026 
of Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority for Chennai Metropolitan Area:
Mylapore Village, Chennai District etc., ..       ..         ..         ..          ..           
..       ..         ..         ..          ..           
496-497
Variation to the Approved Salem Master Plan for the Local Planning Area.    ..     ..
497-498
Draft Variation to the New Town Development Plan of the Hosur New Town 
Developemnt Area.  ..     ..      ..     ..      ..          ..      ..
..     ..      ..          ..      ..           ..       ..      .. 
 .. 
498
Variation to the Approved Pudukkottai Detailed Development Plan No. 6 of Pudukkottai 
Local Planning Area etc.,        ..       ..         ..         ..            ..           ..
..       ..         ..         ..            ..           ..
498-499
Variations to the Approved Coimbatore Master Plan for the Local Planning Area.     ..       ..
500
JUDICIAL  NOTIFICATIONS
Constitution of a District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court at Kariapatti in 
Virudhunagar District, etc. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
..
 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
..
494-495
Conferment of Magisterial Powers  ..          ..  
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
..
  
.. 
.. 
.. 
.. 
..
496


494 
              TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE            [Part  VI—Sec. 1
NOTIFICATIONS BY HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS, ETC.
GENERAL NOTIFICATIONS
"C" Forms Missing.
(கÔத. எ¾. எÅ3/33566/2018
கÔத. எ¾. எÅ3/33566/2018)
உதவி ஆைணயர் (மாவ), இராணிப்ேபட்ைட (சிப்காட்) வரி விதிப்Ā சரகத்ைத சார்ந்த வணிகர்களின் பதிவிறக்கம்
ெசய்யப்பட்ட 'சி' படிவம் விவரம்:
No. VI(1)/490/2022.
Sl.No.
TIN No. & CST
Name of the Dealer 
Tvl.
'C' Form No.
Reason for rejection of 'C' Forms
1.
33364364263
CST: 936861
Tvl. Sri Venkateswara 
Agencies
33201151601010035529
'C' Form generated by Tvl. Sri Venkateswara 
Agencies using the TIN of Tvl. Kite 
Engineering Works.
(TIN: 33364364263)
33201151601010035642
33201151601052825180
33201151601052826570
2.
33324364479
CST: 1141512
Tvl. Sri  Sai Agencies
33201151601010030279
'C' Form generated by Tvl. Mind Blow 
using the TIN of Tvl. Sri Sai Agencies
(TIN: 33324364479)
33201151601065782945
33201151601065783985
3.
33824364592
CST: 1141583
Tvl. Muniyandi & Sons
33201151601028426953
'C' Form generated by Tvl. Muniyandi & 
Sons using the TIN of Tvl. Kaveri Stones 
(TIN: 33824364592)
4.
33614364465
CST: 1141500
Tvl. Kaveri Stones
33201151601023084508
'C' 
Form 
generated 
by 
Tvl. 
Kaveri 
Stones using the TIN of Tvl. Sri Lakshmi 
Narasimman 
Engineering 
Works. 
(TIN: 33614364465)
ெசÊைன-5, 
தீரஜ் குமார்,
2022 அ¹ேடாபÄ 4. 
ćதÊைம» ெசயலÄ/ 
 
 
 
வÕகவÛ ஆைணயÄ,   
 
 
ேசÁபா¹கÂ.
JUDICIAL NOTIFICATIONS
Constitution of a District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court at Kariapatti in Virudhunagar District.
[Roc. No. 1347/A/2014/G/Judn (Phase-III.)]
No. VI(1)/491/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 5 of the Tamil Nadu Civil Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) the 
High Court, Madras, hereby ﬁ xes Kariapatti in Virudhunagar District as the place at which the District Munsif-cum-Judicial 
Magistrate Court, Kariapatti, shall be located.
NOTIFICATION-II
[Roc. No. 1347/A/2014/G/Judn, (Phase-III.)]
No. VI(1)/492/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 11 of the Tamil Nadu Civil Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) 
the High Court, Madras, hereby directs that in Virudhunagar District, the Principal District Munsif Court, Aruppukottai, shall 
cease to have local jurisdiction over the entire Kariapatti Taluk and District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court, Kariapatti 
shall have and exercise local jurisdiction over the entire Taluk of Kariapatti with eﬀ ect from the date on which the District 
Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kariapatti assumes charge of that Court.


Nov. 16, 2022] 
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  
 
 495
NOTIFICATION-III
[Roc. No. 1347/A/2014/G/Judn. (Phase-III.)]
No. VI(1)/493/2022.
The High Court, Madras hereby directs and notifies that the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kariapatti in 
Virudhunagar District shall exercise all the powers conferred on a District Munsif under Section 12 of the Tamil Nadu Civil 
Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) as amended up-to-date in regard to original suits and proceedings not otherwise 
exempted from his cognizance of which the amount or value of the subject matter does not exceed One Lakh Rupees within 
the local limits of his jurisdiction with eﬀ ect from the date on which the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kariapatti 
assumes charge of that Court. 
NOTIFICATION-IV
[Roc. No. 1347/A/2014/G/Judn.(Phase-III.)]
No. VI(1)/494/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 28 of the Tamil Nadu Civil Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) 
the High Court, Madras, hereby directs that the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Kariapatti, shall have and exercise 
jurisdiction of a Court of Small Causes under the Provincial Small Cause Courts Act, 1887 for the trial of suits cognizable 
by a Court of Small Causes upto the pecuniary limits of Rs.5000/- (Rupees ﬁ ve thousand only) with eﬀ ect from the date on 
which the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court, Kariapatti, assumes charge of that Court.
Constitution of  District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court at Kalvarayan Hills in Villupuram District.
(Roc. No. 80927/2020/G/Judn.)
No. VI(1)/495/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 5 of the Tamil Nadu Civil Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) the 
High Court, Madras, hereby ﬁ xes Kalvarayan Hills in Villupuram District as the place at which the District Munsif-cum-Judicial 
Magistrate Court, Kalvarayan Hills, shall be located. 
NOTIFICATION-II
(Roc. No. 80927/2020/G/Judn.)
No. VI(1)/496/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 11 of the Tamil Nadu Civil Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) 
the High Court, Madras, hereby directs that in Villupuram District, the District Munsif Court at Sankarapuram, shall cease to 
have local jurisdiction over the entire Kalvarayan Hills Taluk and the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court, Kalvarayan 
Hills shall have and exercise local Jurisdiction over the entire Taluk of Kalvarayan Hills with eﬀ ect from the date on which 
the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kalvarayan Hills assumes charge of that Court. 
NOTIFICATION-III
(Roc. No. 80927/2020/G/Judn.)
No. VI(1)/497/2022.
 The High Court, Madras hereby directs and notiﬁ es that the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kalvarayan Hills 
in Villupuram District shall exercise all the powers conferred on a District Munsif under Section 12 of the Tamil Nadu Civil 
Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) as amended up-to-date in regard to original suits and proceedings not otherwise 
exempted from his cognizance of which the amount or value of the subject matter does not exceed One Lakh Rupees within 
the local limits of his jurisdiction with eﬀ ect from the date on which the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kalvarayan 
Hills assumes charge of that Court.
NOTIFICATION-IV
(Roc. No. 80927/2020/G/Judn.)
No. VI(1)/498/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 28 of the Tamil Nadu Civil Courts Act, 1873 (Central Act III of 1873) the 
High Court, Madras, hereby directs that the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate, Kalvarayan Hills, shall have and exercise 
jurisdiction of a Court of Small Causes under the Provincial Small Cause Courts Act, 1887 for the trial of suits cognizable 
by a Court of Small Causes upto the pecuniary limits of Rs.5000/- (Rupees ﬁ ve thousand only) with eﬀ ect from the date on 
which the District Munsif-cum-Judicial Magistrate Court, Kalvarayan Hills, assumes charge of that Court.
High Court, Madras, 
P. DHANABAL,
28th October 2022. 
Registrar General.


496 
              TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE            [Part  VI—Sec. 1
Conferment of Magisterial Powers
(Roc. No. 118917/2022/B7)
No. VI(1)/499/2022.
No.294/2022.—In exercise of the powers conferred under Section 13 of the Criminal Procedure Code 1973 
(Central Act 2 of 1974), the High Court hereby appoints Thiru B.Muniraj, Tahsildar Trainee in Karur District, to undergo 
Magisterial Training for a period of 180 days, from the date of assumption of charge and confers upon him the ordinary 
powers conferable under this Code on a Judicial Magistrate to try such cases which were earlier triable and dealt with by 
an erstwhile Judicial Second Class Magistrate.
Sl.
No.
Name
Thiru.
Designation of the 
Revenue Oﬃ  cial
District
Days
1.
B. Muniraj
Tahsildar Trainee
Karur
180
High Court, Madras, 
P. DHANABAL, 
 
 
2nd November 2022. 
Registrar General.
GENERAL NOTIFICATION
Variation to the Approved Second Master Plan for the Chennai Metropolitan Area 2026 of Chennai Metropolitan 
Development Authority for Chennai Metropolitan Area.
Mylapore Village, Chennai District.
(Letter No. R2/8765/2021-1)
No. VI(1)/500/2022.
In exercise of the powers delegated by the Government of Tamil Nadu in G.O.Ms.No.419, Housing and Urban 
Development Department dated 1st June 1984 under Section 91 (1) of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971,
the Member-Secretary, Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority hereby makes the following variation under 
sub-section (3) of Section 33 of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 (Tamil Nadu Act 35 of 1972) 
to the Vivekanandapuram Area D.D.P. approved in G.O.Ms.No.1672, Housing and Urban Development Department 
dated:07.12.1978 and published as Notiﬁ cation in Part II—Section 2 of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette.
Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖ
In the said D.D.P. in Clause 2, 3(x) and 12(d) after expression ‘Map No. 3 & 4 D.D.P-S /M.M.D.A. No.1/78’ the 
expression “and Map P.P.D. / D.D.P (V) No.59/2022” shall be added.
 
In form 6 :
 
In Column No. (2) under the heading “INSTITUTIONAL” in Column No.(1), “Sl.No.35,” in Column No. (4), an 
extent of “0.07.905 Hectare” shall be deducted from the total extent.
 
In Column No. (1) to (8) under the heading “PRIMARY RESIDENTIAL USE ZONE” the following shall be 
added:
Sl.
No.
Locality
Reference 
to marking 
on map
Approximate 
area in 
hectares
Purpose for 
which area to be 
reserved
Character 
of the area
Present 
use
Remarks
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
1
Survey No. 1594/59 
(1594/39 as per 
Document), Block No.33, 
Sullivans Garden, 
Mylapore Village, 
Mylapore Taluk, Chennai 
District, Greater Chennai 
Corporation Limit.
0.07.905
RESIDENTIAL
VACANT


Nov. 16, 2022] 
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  
 
 497
Eච඘ඔඉඖඉග඗කඡ N඗ගඍ
 (This is not part of variation. It intends to bring out the purport)
Survey No. 1594/59 (1594/39 as per Document), Block No.33, Sullivans Garden, Mylapore Village, Mylapore 
Taluk, Chennai District, Greater Chennai Corporation Limit classiﬁ ed as “Institutional Use Zone” is now reclassiﬁ ed as 
“Residential Use Zone”.
  
ANSHUL MISHRA,
Chennai-600 008. 
Member-Secretary, 
10th November 2022. 
Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority.
Manapakkam Village, Chennai District.
(Letter No. R1/12996/2021-1)
No. VI(1)/501/2022.
In exercise of the powers delegated by the Government of Tamil Nadu in G.O. Ms. No.419, Housing and Urban 
Development Department dated 1st June 1984 under Section 91 (1) of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 
the Member-Secretary, Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority hereby makes the following variation under sub-section 
(4) of Section 32 of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 (Tamil Nadu Act 35 of 1972) to the Second Master 
Plan for Chennai Metropolitan Area 2026, approved in G.O.(Ms) No.190 Housing & Urban Development (UD I) Department 
dated 02.09.2008, G.O.(Ms) No.191, Housing & Urban Development (UD I) Department dated 02.09.2008 and published as 
Notiﬁ cation in No.266 Part II—Section 2 of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette dated the 2nd September 2008.
Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖ
In the said Second Master Plan land use map for of Manapakkam Village the following expression shall be added: –
 
  
 
 
 
“Map P.P.D. / M.P II (V) No.60/2022
  
 
 
 
 
to be read with Map No: MP-II/CMA (VP) 191 /2008”
Eච඘ඔඉඖඉග඗කඡ N඗ගඍ
 (This is not part of variation. It intends to bring out the purpose)
Survey Nos. 377/1, 382/1, 2 & 382/3, 383, 384/1 & 384/2, 385, 386, 387, 398/1 & 398/2, 400/1A,1Bpart and 400/2part 
of Manapakkam Village, Alandur Taluk, Chennai District, Greater Chennai Corporation Limit classiﬁ ed as “Institutional Use 
Zone” is now reclassiﬁ ed as “Residential Use Zone” subject to the condition that the access to surrounding vacant lands 
has to be ensured while issuing Planning Permission for development at the site under reference.
 
ANSHUL MISHRA,
Chennai-600 008. 
Member-Secretary, 
10th November 2022. 
Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority.
Variation to the Approved Salem Master Plan for the Local Planning Area.
(Roc. No. 2191/2020/SD.1)
No. VI(1)/502/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred under sub-section (4) of Section 32 of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning 
Act, 1971 (Tamil Nadu Act 35 of 1972), Land use zone conversion from Special Industrial and Hazardous use zone into 
Residential use zone is ordered in G.O.(2ப).No. 152, Housing and Urban Development [UD4(நி.ப.மா-1)] Department, 
dated : 13.06.2022.
2. 
In exercise of powers confirmed by the G.O.Ms.No.102, Housing and Urban Development UD4(L.Re-1) 
Department, dated: 18.8.2021, the following variations are made to the Approved Master Plan of Salem Local Planning 
Authority which was approved in the G.O.Ms.No.105, Housing and Urban Development [UD4.2] Department, 
dated : 22.03.2005 and published in Tamil Nadu Government Gazette Notification No.14 at Page No. 168 of 
Part II—Section  2 of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette dated 13.04.2005.


498 
              TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE            [Part  VI—Sec. 1
Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖ
In the Approved Salem Master Plan, under the heading permitted Land use in various survey numbers of Salem Local 
Planning Area under heading in Ayothiyapattanam Panchayat Union, Village No.162, Minnampalli Panchayat/Village, page 110
and 111 in S.F.No.136/7B and 136/10A2 the following entries should be made.
Under the heading Residential use zone, the following Survey No. 136/7B and 136/10A2 shall be added .
Under the heading Special Industrial and Hazardous (H.I 3) use zone, The Survey No. 136pt (Except 136/7B and 
136/10A2) shall be substituted instead of the Survey No 136 pt.
                                                                            R. RANI,
Salem,                                                   Assistant Director / Member Secretary (In-charge),
10th November 2022.                                               Salem Local Planning Authority,
                                                            District Town and Country Planning Oﬃ  ce.
Draft Variation to the New Town Development Plan of the Hosur New Town Development Area.
[Roc. No. 1129/2022/KD(HNTDA)]
No. VI(1)/503/2022.
In exercise of the power conferred under sub-section (4) of the Section 32 of Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning 
Act, 1971 (Tamil Nadu Act 35 of 1972) and exercise of powers conﬁ rmed by, the  G.O. Ms.No.94, Housing and Urban 
Development [UD 4-(1)] Department dated 12.06.2009 which has been published in the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette 
No.27, Part II—Section 2, Page No.228,dated 15.07.2009.
2. Land use zone conversion from Agricultural use zone into Residential zone ordered in G.O.Ms:No.219,. Housing and 
Urban Development [Na.Va.4(Ni.Pa.Ma-1)] Department dated: 12.09.2022 The following variations are made to the Master 
Plan of approved Hosur New Town Development Authority under the said Act and published in the G.O.Ms.No.337, Housing 
and Urban Development [UD4-(1)] Department dated 24.04.1984 and published in the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette 
Notiﬁ cation No.II(2)!HOU/2861/84 at Part ll—Section 2, Page No. 449, dated 23rd May 1984. 
Dකඉඎග Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖ
 In the approved Hosur New Town Development Plan under the heading permitted Land use in various survey numbers 
of Hosur New Town Development Planning area under heading in Achettipalli Village Page No. 62 & 71 in S.Nos.333/1, 
333/2,334/1, 334/2, 334/3, 334/4, 334/5,. 335/1A, 335/1B, 335/1C, 336/2B3, 337/1A2, 337/1A3, 337/1B2 & 354/3 the following entries 
should be made.
(i) 
Under the heading Mixed Residential use zone the following S.Nos.333/1,333/2, 334/1, 334/2, 334/3, 334/4, 
334/5, 335/1A, 335/1B, 335/1C, 336/2B3, 337/1A2, 337/1A3, 337/1B2 & 354/3 shall be added ‘after the S.No.320pt.
(ii)  Under the heading “Agricultural use zone” the following in SI.No.37 of Page  No.71, aII the other Survey 
Field Numbers not covered under the above use zones as it is retained.
 
K. SHANMUGAM,
Hosur, 
Member Secretary/Deputy Director,
10th November 2022. 
Hosur New Town Development Authority,
 
District Town and Country Planning Oﬃ  ce, 
 
Krishnagiri District.
Variation to the Approved Pudukkottai Detailed Development Plan No. 6 of Pudukkottai Local Planning Area.
(ந.க. எ¾. 341/2022/Ćமா)
No. VI(1)/504/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred under sub-section (1) of Section 33 of Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 
(Tamil Nadu Act 35 of 1972) The Director of Town and Country Planning, in the Proceedings Roc.No.17383/2022/TCP-2,
dated:21.09.2022 Proposes to makes the following individual draft variation for X-X, 24 M Wide road deletion in T.S.Nos. 8619/5B2 
in Block No.90, Pudukkottai Municipality/District to the approved Pudukkottai Detailed Development Plan No.6, Pudukkottai Local 
Planning Area, Director of Town and Country Planning Proceedings Roc.No.4386/2009/DP3, dated.22.08.2011 and the fact this 
approval in form No.12 Published in Tamil Nadu Government Gazette No.10, Part VI—Section 1, Page No.112, dated.12.03.2014.


Nov. 16, 2022] 
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  
 
 499
2. Any Person aﬀ ected or interested in this draft variation may within SIXTY DAYS from the date of publication of this 
Notiﬁ cation in the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette, can represent in person or submit in writing to the Member Secretary, 
Pudukkottai Local Planning Authority any objections and suggestions relating there to.
3. The Variation with plan may be inspected free of cost at any time during oﬃ  ce hours at the above said Local Planning 
Authority Oﬃ  ce.
Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖ
1. Wherever the expression “MAP No.4 & 5 DDP (SR)/DTCP No.7/2011 occurs the expression DDP (V) DTCP 
No.10/2022 shall be added at the end and to be read with
2. In Schedule No.IV, Form No.7 against the serial No.1 in column No.2 portion of X-X, 24 M wide Road, T.S.No.8619/5B 
shall be Deleted. 
3. The draft made enforceable from the date of publication of the conﬁ rmed variation Notiﬁ cation to be issued under 
section  33(2) of the Act in Tamil Nadu Government Gazette.
 
எÌ. தனராĀ
எÌ. தனராĀ,
Pudukkottai, 
Member Secretary/Deputy Director,
10th November 2022. 
Pudukkottai Combined Local Planning Authority.
Variation to the Approved Pudukkottai Detailed Development Plan No. 6 of Pudukkottai Local Planning Area.
(ந.க. எ¾. 1236/2021/Ćமா)
No. VI(1)/505/2022.
In exercise of the powers conferred under sub-section (1) of Section 33 of Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 (Tamil Nadu 
Act 35 of 1972) The director of Town and Country Planning, in the Proceedings and Roc.No.5575/2022/TCP-2, dated:21.09.2022 
Proposes to makes the following individual draft variation for X-X, 24 M Wide road deletion in T.S.Nos. 8619/5B2 in Block No.90, 
Pudukkottai Municipality/District to the approved Pudukkottai Detailed Development Plan No.6, Pudukkottai Local Planning Area, 
Director of Town and Country Planning Proceedings Roc.No.4386/2009/DP3, dated.22.08.2011 and the fact this approval in form 
No.12 Published in Tamil Nadu Government Gazette No.10 Part VI —Section 1 Page No.112, dated 12.03.2014.
2. Any Person aﬀ ected or interested in this draft variation may within SIXTY DAYS from the date of publication of this 
notiﬁ cation in the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette, can represent in person or submit in writing to the Member Secretary, 
Pudukkottai Local Planning Authority any objections and suggestions relating there to.
3. The Variation with plan may be inspected free of cost at any time during oﬃ  ce hours at the above said Local Planning 
Authority Oﬃ  ce.
Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖ
1. Wherever the expression “MAP No.4 & 5 DDP (SR)/DTCP No.7/2011 occurs the expression DDP (V) DTCP 
No. 10/2022 shall be added at the end and to be read with
2. In Schedule No.IV, Form No.7 against the serial No.1 in column No.2 portion of X-X, 24 M wide Road, T.S.No.8619/5B 
shall be Deleted.
3. The draft made enforceable from the date of publication of the conﬁ rmed variation notiﬁ cation to be issued under 
section 33(2) of the Act in Tamil Nadu Government Gazette.
 
எÌ. தனராĀ
எÌ. தனராĀ,
Pudukkottai, 
Member Secretary/Deputy Director,
10th November 2022. 
Pudukkottai Combined Local Planning Authority.


500 
              TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE            [Part  VI—Sec. 1
Variations to the Approved Coimbatore Master Plan for the Local Planning Area
(Roc.No.4690/2021/LPA)
No. VI(1)/506/2022.
In exercise of power conferred by sub-section (4) of Section 32 of Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 
1971 (Tamil Nadu Act 35 of 1972) and exercise and powers conﬁ rmed by the G.O. Ms.No.94, Housing and Urban 
Development (4-1) Department dated 12.06.2009 which has been published in Tamil Nadu Government Gazette No.27,
Part II—Section 2 dated:15.07.2009. 
Land use zone conversion from AGRICULTURAL use zone into RESIDENTIAL use zone ordered in G.O. (2D) No.89 
,Housing and Urban Development [UD4(1)] Department dated 31.03.2022 the following variations are made to the approved 
Master Plan of Coimbatore Local Planning Area under the said Act and published in the G.O.Ms.No. 661, Housing and Urban 
Development [UD4(1] dated 12.10.1994 Notiﬁ cation No. II(2)/HOU/4377/94 at Page No. 1078 of Part II—Section 2 of the 
Tamil Nadu Government Gazette dated.09.11.1994 
 Vඉකඑඉගඑ඗ඖඛ 
In the Approved Coimbatore Master Plan under the heading permitted Land use in various survey numbers of Coimbatore 
Local Planning Area under heading in Othakalmandapam Village in page No. 345 and 346 for S.F.No.631/1 the following 
entries should be made.
Under the heading “ Residential use zone” use zone the expression S.No. 631/1 shall be substituted after the entry 
S.F.No.508.
 Under the heading “Agricultural” use zone, the expression S.No. 630 to 633 shall be deleted and the expression 630, 
631pt (Except 631/1), 632, 633 shall be substituted. 
Coimbatore, 
 
 
C. MATHIVANAN, 
 
 
 
11th November 2022. 
Member Secretary / Joint Director,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Local Planning Authority.  
         
 
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
