---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2017"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220726215406/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2017/271_Ex_1.pdf"
Issue No: "271"
Issue Date: "2017-08-21"
Gazette Number: "Part 1"
Category: "Notifications or orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "PUBLIC DEPARTMENT - (Special-B), ALLOCATION OF SUBJECTS AMONG MINISTERS"
---

TAMIL NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
No. 271]
CHENNAI,  MONDAY,  AUGUST 21,  2017
Aavani  5, Hevilambi,  Thiruvalluvar  Aandu–2048
Part  I
Notifications or orders regarding first appointments, investiture of
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY GOVERNMENT
©
GOVERNMENT  OF   TAMIL NADU
2017
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
[Price :  Re.  0.80 Paise.
PUBLIC  DEPARTMENT
(Special-B)
ALLOCATION OF SUBJECTS AMONG MINISTERS
No. I/PUSP/18(b)/2017.
The following Government Order is Published:—
[G.O. Ms. No. 708, Public (Special.B), 21st August 2017, Aavani  5,  Hevilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2048.]
READ:
1.
G.O. Ms.No. 133, Public (Spl.B) Department, dated 16-02-2017.
2.
G.O. Ms.No. 134, Public (Spl.B) Department, dated 16-02-2017.
3.
G.O. Ms.No. 147, Public (Spl.B) Department, dated 23-02-2017.
4.
G.O. Ms.No. 707, Public (Spl.B) Department, dated 21-08-2017.
ORDER: No. 708, Public (Special-B), 21st August 2017.
Consequent on the appointment of new ministers as ordered in the Government Order fourth read above, under clause
(3) of Article 166 of the Constitution of India, the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby allocates the portfolios among the Ministers
as follows:—
(i) To allocate to Thiru O.Panneerselvam, the portfolio of  Finance hitherto held by Thiru D. Jeyakumar and
portfolios Housing, Rural Housing and Housing Development, Slum Clearance Board and Accommodation Control,
Town Planning, Urban Development and Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority hitherto held by Thiru Udumalai
K Radhakrishnan and to designate Thiru O. Panneerselvam as Deputy Chief Minister;
(ii) To allocate to Thiru K. Pandiarajan, the portfolios Tamil Official Language & Tamil Culture hitherto held
by Thiru Sevvoor S.Ramachandran and the portfolio Archaeology hitherto held by Thiru K.A.Sengottaiyan and to
designate him as Minister for Tamil Official Language & Tamil Culture;
DTP—Ex.(271)—1
[ 1 ]


TAMIL NADU GOVERNMENT GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY
2
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
(iii)  To allocate the portfolio Animal Husbandry hitherto held by Thiru P.Balakrishna Reddy to Thiru Udumalai
K Radhakrishnan and to designate him as Minister for Animal Husbandry;
(iv) To allocate the portfolio Youth Welfare and Sports Development hitherto held by Thiru K.A.Sengottaiyan
to Thiru P. Balakrishna Reddy and to designate him as Minister for Youth Welfare and Sports Development;
(v) To allocate the portfolio of Mines and Minerals hitherto held by Thiru M.C. Sampath to
Thiru C.Ve. Shanmugam in addition to the subjects presently held by him.
(By Order of the Governor)
GIRIJA  VAIDYANATHAN,
Chief Secretary .
