---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2017"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220726215404/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2017/272_Ex_1.pdf"
Issue No: "272"
Issue Date: "2017-08-21"
Gazette Number: "Part 1"
Category: "Notifications or orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "PUBLIC DEPARTMENT - (Special-B), ALLOCATION OF SUBJECTS AMONG MINISTERS"
---

TAMIL NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
No. 272]
CHENNAI,  MONDAY,  AUGUST  21,  2017
Aavani  5, Hevilambi,  Thiruvalluvar  Aandu–2048
Part  I
Notifications or orders regarding first appointments, investiture of
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY GOVERNMENT
©
GOVERNMENT  OF   TAMIL NADU
2017
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
[Price :  Re.  0.80 Paise.
PUBLIC  DEPARTMENT
(Special-B)
ALLOCATION OF SUBJECTS AMONG MINISTERS
No. I/PUSP/18(c)/2017.
The following Government Order is Published:—
[G.O. Ms. No. 709, Public (Special.B), 21st August 2017, Aavani  5,  Hevilambi,
Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2048.]
READ:
1.
G.O. Ms.No. 707, Public (Spl.B) Department, dated 21-08-2017.
2.
G.O. Ms.No. 708, Public (Spl.B) Department, dated 21-08-2017.
ORDER: No. 709, Public (Special-B), 21st August 2017.
Under Clause (3) of Article 166 of the Constitution of India, the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby
directs that the subjects “Planning, Legislative Assembly, Elections and Passports” which are
presently held by Thiru D. Jayakumar, be reallocat to Thiru O. Panneerselvam, Hon'ble Deputy
Chief Minister in addition to the portfolios held by the him. Consequent on the above re-allocation,
Thiru D. Jayakumar may be re-designated as Minister for Fisheries and Personnel & Administrative
Reforms.
(By order of the Governor)
GIRIJA  VAIDYANATHAN,
Chief Secretary .
DTP—Ex.(272)—1
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
