---
source: "wayback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2017"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220726215300/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2017/293_Ex_III_1a.pdf"
Issue No: "293"
Issue Date: "2017-09-15"
Gazette Number: "Part III-Section 1a"
Category: "General Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENT AMENDMENT TO THE TAMIL NADU GOODS AND SERVICES TAX RULES, 2017"
---

[ 1 ]
COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENT
AMENDMENT TO THE TAMIL NADU GOODS AND SERVICES TAX RULES, 2017
[G.O. Ms. No. 108, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 15th September 2017, Aavani 30, Hevilambi,
Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2048.]
No. SRO A-41(a)/2017.
In exercise of the powers conferred by Section 164 of the Tamil Nadu  Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 (Tamil Nadu
Act 19 of 2017), the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby makes the following rules further to amend the Tamil Nadu Goods
and Services Tax Rules, 2017, namely:-
(1) These rules may be called the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax (Fourth Amendment) Rules, 2017.
(2) Save as otherwise provided in these rules, they shall come into force on the date of their publication in the
Official Gazette.
2. In the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Rules, 2017 (hereinafter referred to as the principal rules), in rule 3-
(i)  after sub-rule (3), the following sub-rule shall be inserted, namely:-
“(3A) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-rules (1), (2) and (3), a person who has been granted registration
on a provisional basis under rule 24 or who has applied for registration under sub-rule (1) of rule 8 may opt to pay tax
under Section 10 with effect from the first day of October, 2017 by electronically filing an intimation in
FORM GST CMP-02, on the common portal either directly or through a Facilitation Centre notified by the Commissioner,
before the said date and shall furnish the statement in FORM  GST ITC-03 in accordance with the provisions of sub-rule
(4) of rule 44 within a period of ninety days from the said date:
Provided that the said persons shall not be allowed to furnish the declaration in FORM GST TRAN-1 after the
statement in FORM GST ITC-03 has been furnished.”;
(ii) in sub-rule (5), after the words, brackets and figure “or sub-rule (3)”, the words, brackets, figure and letter
“or sub-rule (3A)” shall be inserted;
III-1a Ex. (293)—1
Part  III—Section  1(a)
General  Statutory  Rules,  Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc.,
issued  by  Secretariat  Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
©
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
 2017
[Price:  Re. 0.80 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 293]
CHENNAI, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2017
Aavani 30, Hevilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu – 2048


2
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
3. In the principal rules, after rule 120, the following rule shall be inserted, namely:-
“120A. Every registered person who has submitted a declaration electronically in FORM GST TRAN-1 within the
time period specified in rule 117, rule 118, rule 119 and rule 120 may revise such declaration once and submit the revised
declaration in FORM GST TRAN-1 electronically on the common portal within the time period specified in the said rules
or such further period as may be extended by the Commissioner in this behalf.”;
4. In the principal rules, in rule 127, after clause (iii), the following clause shall be inserted, namely:-
“(iv) to furnish a performance report to the Council by the tenth of the close of each quarter.”;
5. In the principal rules, in rule 138, in sub-rule (1), the following provisos shall be inserted, namely:-
“Provided that where goods are sent by a principal located in one State to a job-worker located in any other State, the
e-way bill shall be generated by the principal irrespective of the value of the consignment:
Provided further that where handicraft goods are transported from one State to another by a person who has been
exempted from the requirement of obtaining registration under clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 24, the e-way bill shall be
generated by the said person irrespective of the value of the consignment.
Explanation.– For the purposes of this rule, the expression “handicraft goods” has the meaning as assigned to it in
the Commercial Taxes and Registration Department Notification No.II(2)/CTR/783(c-2)/2017, dated 15.9.2017 published in the
Tamil Nadu Government Gazette Extraordinary, dated the 15th September, 2017.
6. In the principal rules, with effect from the 29th day of June, 2017, in “FORM GST TRAN-1”,
(i) in Serial No.5(a), in the heading, for the words, figures and brackets “and Section 140(4)(a)”, the words, figures,
brackets and letter ", Section 140(4)(a) and Section 140(9)” shall be substituted;
(ii) in Serial No.7(a), in the table, in Serial No.7A, in the heading, after the word “invoices”, the words, brackets and letters
[“including Credit Transfer Document (CTD)”] shall be inserted;
(iii) after the words “Designation/Status”, the following shall be inserted, namely:-
“Instructions:
1.
Central Tax credit in terms of sub-section (9) of Section 140 of the CGST Act, 2017 shall be availed
in column 6 of table 5(a).
2.
Registered persons availing credit through Credit Transfer Document (CTD) shall also file Trans 3
besides availing credit in table 7A under the heading “inputs.”;
7. In the principal rules, with effect from the 29th day of June, 2017, in “FORM GSTR-4”, in Serial No.8, in entry 8B(2),
for the words “Intra-State Supplies”, the words “Inter-State Supplies” shall be substituted;
8. In the principal rules, with effect from the 30th day of August, 2017, in the Notes to “FORM GST EWB-01”,
after Note 4, the following Note shall be inserted, namely:-
“5. The details of bill of entry shall be entered in place of invoice where the consignment pertains to an import.”
C. CHANDRAMOULI,
     Additional Chief Secretary to Government (FAC).
 PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
