---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2018"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220722150407/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2018/291_Ex_I.pdf"
Issue No: "291"
Issue Date: "2018-08-11"
Gazette Number: "Part 1"
Category: "Notifications or orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "PUBLIC DEPARTMENT - (Special - A) APPOINTMENT OF SHRIMATI JUSTICE VIJAYA KAMLESH TAHILRAMANI, JUDGE OF THE BOMBAY HIGH COURT AS CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE MADRAS HIGH COURT."
---

TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY 
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 291] 
CHENNAI, SATURDAY, AUGUST 11, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
Aadi 26, Vilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2049
Part I 
Notiﬁ cations or orders regarding ﬁ rst appointments, investiture of 
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
 
© 
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
 GOVERNMENT  OF  TAMIL  NADU 
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
 
2018 
[Price:  Re. 0.80 Paise.
DTP—Ex.(291)
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI 
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
PUBLIC DEPARTMENT
(Special - A)
APPOINTMENT  OF  SHRIMATI JUSTICE VIJAYA KAMLESH TAHILRAMANI, JUDGE OF THE 
BOMBAY HIGH COURT AS CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE MADRAS HIGH COURT.
[G.O. Ms. No. 603, Public (Special-A), 11th August  2018, Aadi 26, Vilambi, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2049.]
No. I/PUSP/25(a)/2018.—The following Notiﬁ cation of the Government of India, Ministry of Law and Justice 
(Department of Justice), Jaisalmer House, 26, Man Singh Road, New Delhi-110 011, dated 
3rd August 2018 is republished:—
In exercise of the powers conferred by clause (1) of article 217 of the Constitution of India, 
the President is pleased to appoint Shrimati Justice Vijaya Kamlesh Tahilramani, Judge of the Bombay 
High Court, to be the Chief Justice of the Madras High Court with effect from the date she assumes 
charge of her ofﬁ ce. 
 
 
[No. K.13026/2/2018-US.I] 
 
RAJINDER KASHYAP, 
 
 
 
Joint Secretary to the Government of India.
(By Order of the Governor)
 
GIRIJA VAIDYANATHAN,
 
Chief Secretary.
