---
source: "wayback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2008"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220811214256/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2008/358-Ex-VI-1.pdf"
Issue No: "358"
Issue Date: "2008-12-01"
Gazette Number: "VI-1"
Category: "Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, etc."
Department: "The Principal Secretary And Commissioner Of Land Administration, Chepauk, Chennai 600 005. - Acquisition Of Lands"
---

TAMIL NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 358]
CHENNAI, MONDAY,  DECEMBER  1, 2008
Karthigai 16,  Thiruvalluvar  Aandu–2039
©
GOVERNMENT  OF   TAMIL NADU
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/117/2006-08.
2008
[Price :  Re. 0.80 Paise.
Part VI–Section  1
Notifications  of  interest  to  the  General  Public  issued  by
Heads  of   Departments, etc.
NOTIFICATIONS   BY   HEADS  OF  DEPARTMENTS, ETC.
DTP—VI-1 Ex. (358)
THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY AND COMMISSIONER OF LAND ADMINISTRATION,
CHEPAUK, CHENNAI 600 005.
ACQUISITION OF LANDS
(D.Dis.S1/33022/08.)
No. VI(1)/420(a)/2008.
The Government of Tamil Nadu having been satisfied that the lands specified in the schedule below have to be acquired
for a public purpose and it having already been decided that the entire amount of compensation to be awarded for the lands
is to be paid by the Public Revenues. The following declaration is issued under Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894
(Central Act 1 of 1894).
DECLARATION
Under Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894 (Central Act 1 of 1894), the Principal Secretary and Commissioner
of Land Administration, Chepauk, Chennai-5 hereby declares that the lands specified in the schedule below and measuring
0.05.53 hectare (13.6 cent) to be same a little more (or) less are needed for a public purpose, to wit for the formation of
new link road between Vannarpettai and Palayamcottai Bye-pass Road Extension Scheme Village of Palayamcottai
Part-I, Taluk Palayamcottai of Tirunelveli District. A plan of the said lands is kept in the office of the Revenue Divisional Officer,
Tirunelveli and may be inspected at any time during the office hours.
THE SCHEDULE
Tirunelveli District, Palayamcottai Taluk, No. 32, Palayamcottai Part-I Village.
Government, wet, T.S.No.36-1 in Ward No.6, Block No.16, belonging to Shunmugam, son of Petchimuthu and Chander
son of Sundararajan, bounded on the north by T.S.No.37, east by T.S.No.48,  south by T.S.No.36-2 and west by
T.S.Nos. 35-1 and 2—0.00.63 hectare (1.55 cents).
Government, wet, T.S.No.35-2 in Ward No.6, Block No.16, belonging to Madhuranayagam, son of Piramanayagam and
Chander, son of Sundararajan, bounded on the north by T.S.No.35-1, east by T.S.No.36-1, south by T.S.No.35-3 and west
by T.S.No.34.—0.04.25 hectare (10.5 cents).


2
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
Government, wet, in S.No.122-2A, belonging to Chellammal, wife of Annantha Narayanan, bounded on the north and
east by S.No.82, south by S.No.122-2B and west by S.No.122-5A.—0.00.16 hectare (0.4 cents).
Government, wet, in S.No.122-5A belonging to Deivanayagi Ammal, Selvaganapathi, Balasubramanian,
Saraswathi Ammal, Gomathi Ammal, Lakshmi Ammal, Ganapathy, son of Arumugam, Kumarappan, son of Chidambaram
and Ramanathan, son of Lakshmanan, bounded on the north by S.No. 82, east by S.No.122-2A, south by S.No.122-5B
and west by S.No.122-6—0.00.49 hectare (1.2 cents).
Total—0.05.53 hectare (13.6 cents).
Chepauk,
RAMESHRAM  MISHRA,
Chennai-600 005,
Principal Secretary and
28th November 2008.
Commissioner of Land Administration.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY TO GOVERNMENT AND
COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
