---
source: "wayback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2008"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220811214254/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2008/359-Ex-V-4.pdf"
Issue No: "359"
Issue Date: "2008-12-01"
Gazette Number: "V-4"
Category: "Notifications by the Election Commission of India"
Department: "Election Symbols (Reservation And Allotment) Order, 1968."
---

TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 359]
CHENNAI, MONDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2008
Karthigai  16,  Thiruvalluvar  Aandu–2039
©
GOVERNMENT  OF   TAMIL  NADU
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/117/2006-08
2008
[Price:  Re. 0.80 Paise.
Part V—Section  4
Notifications by the Election Commission of India
DTP V-4—Ex. (359)
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  THE  ELECTION  COMMISSION  OF  INDIA
ELECTION SYMBOLS (RESERVATION AND ALLOTMENT) ORDER, 1968.
No. SRO G-23/2008.
The following Notification of the Election Commission of India, Nirvachan Sadan,  Ashoka Road, New Delhi-110 001,
dated the 9th November, 2008 [18  Kartiga, 1930 (Saka)], is republished:—
No. 56/2008/PPS(i).—In pursuance of its Order No. 56/2008/PPS, dated 8th November, 2008, the Elelction Commission
of India, under the provisions of para 17 of the Election Symbols (Reservation and Allotment) Order, 1968, hereby makes
the following amendment to its Notification No. 56/2008/PPS, dated 17th October, 2008, namely:—
In Table IV (List of free Symbols), appended to the said Notification after the existing entry at Sl.No.59, the follwing
entry shall be added:—
“60-Axe” (only in the State of Madhya Pradesh for current general election  to the Legislative Assembly).
It is further hereby declared that aforesaid amendment shall be deemed to have been made from 31-10-2008, i.e., the
date from which the general election to the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly was called by the Governor of Madhya
Pradesh under Section 15(2) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951. It is further made clear that the said inclusion
of the Symbol 'Axe' in the list of free symbol shall be applicable only in relation to the general election to the Madhya Pradesh
Legislative Assembly, currently in progress, and not in any other State/UT.
Further more, it is hereby directed that if any other candidate of a registered unrecognised political party or independent
candidate in the current general election to the Legislative Assembly of Madhya Pradesh wishes to opt for the allotment
of symbol 'Axe', he shall be allowed to exercise the option by 3.00 p.m. on 10th November, 2008, i.e., before the time for
allotment of symbol after the expiry of period prescribed for the withdrawal of candidature, the allotment of symbol then be
made by the Returning Officer of the Assembly Constituency having regard to the options so exercised, if any, by the
aforesaid candidates and in accordance with the provisions of Para 12 of the Election Symbols (Reservation and Allotment)
Order, 1968.
(By Order)
R.K. SRIVASTAVA,
Secretary to the
Election Commission of India.
Secretariat,
NARESH GUPTA,
Chennai-600 009,
Chief Electoral Officer and
1st December, 2008.
Additional Chief Secretary to Government,
Public (Elections) Department.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY TO GOVERNMENT AND
COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
