---
source: "wayback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2008"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220811214245/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2008/362-Ex-iii-1a.pdf"
Issue No: "362"
Issue Date: "2008-12-02"
Gazette Number: "III-1A"
Category: "General Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "Municipal Administration And Water Supply Department - The Tamil Nadu Municipalities (Norms For Classification Of Municipalities) Rules, 2008."
---

©
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/117/2006-08.
2008
[Price: Re. 0.80 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 362]
CHENNAI, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 2008
 Karthigai 17,  Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2039
Part  III—Section  1(a)
General  Statutory  Rules,  Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc.,
issued  by  Secretariat  Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
DTP—III-1(a) Ex. (362)
MUNICIPAL ADMINISTRATION AND WATER SUPPLY DEPARTMENT
THE TAMIL NADU MUNICIPALITIES (NORMS FOR CLASSIFICATION OF MUNICIPALITIES) RULES, 2008.
[G.O. Ms. No. 237, Municipal Administration and Water Supply (Election), 2nd December 2008.]
No. SRO A-45(b)/2008.
In exercise of the powers conferred by sub-section (6) of Section 4 read with Section 303 of the Tamil Nadu District
Municipalities Act, 1920 (Tamil Nadu Act V of 1920), the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby makes the following rules:—
RULES
1. Short title, application and commencement.—(1) These rules may be called the Tamil Nadu Municipalities (Norms
for Classification of Municipalities) Rules, 2008.
(2) They shall apply to all the Municipalities in the State.
(3) They shall come into force at once.
2. Definition.—In these rules, unless the context otherwise requires:—
“Average Annual Income” means the average annual income of a Municipality other than borrowings, time-barred
deposits, non-statutory and developmental grants of three preceding financial years.
[ 1 ]


2
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
3. Norms for classification of a Municipality.—The Municipalities shall be classified on the basis of average annual
income as indicated in the Table below:—
THE TABLE
     Sl. No.
Grade.
Average Annual Income.
   (1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
Special Grade Municipality
Exceeding rupees ten crores
(2)
Selection Grade Municipality
Exceeding rupees six crores and not exceeding rupees ten
crores.
(3)
First Grade Municipality
Exceeding rupees four crores and not exceeding rupees six
crores.
(4)
Second Grade Municipality
Not exceeding rupees four crores:
Provided that the grade of any Municipality on the date of coming into force of these rules shall not be downgraded:
Provided further that the classification of Municipalities shall be reviewed and reclassified in every three years based
on the norms prescribed in rule 3 above.
NIRANJAN MARDI,
Secretary to Government.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY TO GOVERNMENT AND
COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
