---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2008"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220811214237/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2008/365-Ex-iii-1a.pdf"
Issue No: "365"
Issue Date: "2008-12-03"
Gazette Number: "III-1A"
Category: "General Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "Commercial Taxes And Registration Department - Amendments To The Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax Rules, 2007."
---

©
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/117/2006-08.
2008
[Price: Rs. 2.40 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 365]
CHENNAI, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2008
 Karthigai 18,  Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2039
Part  III—Section  1(a)
General  Statutory  Rules,  Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc.,
issued  by  Secretariat  Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
DTP—III-1(a) Ex. (365)—1
COMMERCIAL  TAXES  AND  REGISTRATION  DEPARTMENT
AMENDMENTS TO THE TAMIL NADU VALUE ADDED TAX  RULES, 2007.
[G.O. Ms. No. 118, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 3rd December 2008, Karthigai 18,
Thiruvalluvar Aandu 2039.]
No. SRO A-48(a)/2008.
In exercise of the powers conferred by sub-section (1) of Section 80  of the Tamil Nadu Value Added
Tax Act, 2006 (Tamil Nadu Act 32 of 2006), the  Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby  makes  the following
amendments to the Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax Rules, 2007.
AMENDMENTS
In the said Rules,—
(1)  in rule 7, after sub-rule (6), the following sub-rule shall be added, namely:—
“(7) Every registered dealer who is not liable to pay tax under the Act, shall file return for each year
in Form I-1 on or before the 20th day of May of the succeeding year showing the actual total turnover in
respect of all goods dealt with by him:
[ 1 ]


2
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
Provided that for the year 2007-2008, the return shall be filed on or before the 31st day of
December 2008.”;
(2) in rule 8, after sub-rule (7), the following sub-rule shall be added, namely:—
“(8) (a)   The assessment relating to the period from 1st day of April 2006 to 31st day of December
2006 shall be deemed assessment and accordingly, the Assessing Officer shall accept the returns filed
under the repealed Act within the period already prescribed and assess the dealers without calling for the
accounts from the dealers.
(b)  Where the dealer did not submit the prescribed declaration Forms or certificates as
required under the provisions of the Acts repealed under Section 88 of the said Tamil Nadu Act 32 of 2006
in support of the claim of the concessional rate of tax or exemption, as the case may be, the Assessing
Authority shall assess them after giving the dealer a reasonable opportunity to file the prescribed declaration
Forms or certificates.”;
(3)  in rule 10, in sub-rule (4), after clause (d), the following clause shall be added, namely:—
“(e) A registered dealer who purchases and uses capital goods for the manufacture of both
taxable and exempted goods shall be entitled to the input tax credit proportionately by applying the
following formula:—
Total amount of input tax paid on the purchase
 X
Sales turnover of taxable goods and
of capital goods
zero rated sales
Total sales turnover of taxable goods, zero rated sales
and sales of exempted goods.”;
(4) after “FORM I”, the following FORM shall be inserted, namely:—


3
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
Name and address of the dealer:
To
The Assessing Authority,…………………. Circle,
           TIN
          Year
    -
(c)Goods taxable at 12.5%
(A)
(B)
3
TOTAL  
                (A+B)
      2. I/We……………….declare that I am/We are authorised by…………………Proprietor/Partner/Board of Directors to sign the returns.
Place:
Signature
Date:
Seal
Name:
Status and relationship to the dealer:
                  Total = (a)+(b)+( c)
(e) Goods exempted
Exempted sales
OUTPUT ITEMS
2
                          TOTAL SALES          ( C + D)
Less: Sales return/Unfructified sales
Total                                                             (D)
VAT collected,   
if any (Rs.)
2.Entry tax paid,if any
(a)Local sales at 1%
FORM  I - 1
["See rule 7(7) ]
VALUE ADDED TAX ANNUAL   RETURN
Purchase turnover/ 
value inside the State 
during the year (Rs.)
(b)Local sales at 4%
1.Adjustment of advance tax 
Zero rate sales                                         
  Total    (C)
1
                                          Total (1+2) 
Sales turnover/ 
value inside the 
State(Rs.)
(VAT paid) (Rs.)
(a)Goods taxable at 1%
                                         Total   = (a)+(b)+(c) 
Less:     Sales return/Unfructified sales
(c)Local sales at 12.5%
1. I/We…………………... declare that to the best of my/our knowledge and belief the information furnished in  the above statement is true,correct and complete.
CAPITAL GOODS
During the Year
Tax Paid (Rs,)
PURCHASES
1
DECLARATION
2
SALES
(b)Goods taxable at 4%


4
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
Details of purchases/receipts   during  the year ……………..
Sl.No. Name of the seller
Seller's TIN
Commodity 
Code
Purchase/Receipt 
value(Rs.)
Rate 
of tax
VAT/CST paid (Rs.)
Category
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
Details of sales/transfer value  during the year  ……………..
Sl.No. Name of the buyer
Buyer's  TIN
Commodity 
Code
Sale value(Rs.)
Rate 
of tax
VAT/CST paid (Rs.)
Category
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
ANNEXURE I
ANNEXURE II
Category: C-Capital goods, E-Exempted,  I-Import ,O-Inter-State purchases,   R- Local-purchase   input(First schedule), S-Stock receipts from Head office/branches/ principals outside the 
state,  A-Purchases effected through agents/Branches,B-Industrial Input.
Category:  E-Exempt,  F-First schedule ,  R-Sales return , S-Stock transfer outside the State, Z-Zero rate sale,  A-Sales effected through agents/branches in the State.
DTP—III-1(a) Ex. (365)—2


5
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY TO GOVERNMENT AND
COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
Import Export code:
Seller's TIN
Description of goods
Commodity code
Purchase value  
(Rs.)
Rate of  
tax
Input tax paid  
(Rs.)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
Description of goods
Commodity code
Value    (Rs.)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Place:
Signature:
Name:
Date:
Seal:
Status and relationship to the dealer:
RAJEEV RANJAN,
         Secretary to Government.
ANNEXURE  III
             Zero rated sale
Sl.No
EXPORT
Details of bill of lading / Air / Road / Railway  Bill No. and date 
Sl.No
Eligible  Credit    (Rs.)
     INPUT TAX PAID
(8)
(5)
