---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2008"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220811214230/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2008/368-Ex-II-2.pdf"
Issue No: "368"
Issue Date: "2008-12-12"
Gazette Number: "II-2"
Category: "Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "Higher Education Department - Constitution Of Search Committee To Recommend A Panel Of Three Names To The Chancellor For Selection Of Vice-Chancellor To Tamil Nadu Open University, Chennai Under Tamil Nadu Open University Act."
---

©
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/117/2006-08.
2008
[Price:  Re. 0.80 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 368]
CHENNAI, FRIDAY,  DECEMBER 12, 2008
Karthigai 27, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2039
Part II—Section  2
Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public
issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
DTP—II-2 Ex. (368)
HIGHER EDUCATION DEPARTMENT
CONSTITUTION OF SEARCH COMMITTEE TO RECOMMEND A PANEL OF THREE NAMES TO THE CHANCELLOR
FOR SELECTION OF VICE-CHANCELLOR TO TAMIL NADU OPEN UNIVERSITY, CHENNAI UNDER
TAMIL NADU OPEN UNIVERSITY ACT.
[G.O. (1D) No. 285, Higher Education (K1), 12th December 2008,
Karthigai 27, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2039.]
No. II(2)/HE/601(b)/2008.
Under Section 10 (1) and (2) of Tamil Nadu Open University  Act, 2002 (Tamil Nadu Act  No. 27 of 2002), the
Government constitute a Search Committee consisting of the following persons to recommend a panel of three names
to the Chancellor for appointment of Vice-Chancellor, Tamil Nadu Open University, Chennai:—
2. Fr. Dr. S. Ignacimuthu, S.J., will be the Convener of the above Search  Committee.
3. The above Committee is requested to recommend a panel of three names along with their Bio-data to the Chancellor
of Tamil Nadu Open University for appointment of Vice-Chancellor to Tamil Nadu Open University, Chennai.
K. GANESAN,
 Principal Secretary to Government.
.. Chancellor's Nominee/Convener.
.. Government Nominee Member.
.. Syndicate Nominee Member.
(i) Fr. Dr. S. Ignacimuthu, S.J., Former  Vice-Chancellor,
University of Madras and Bharathiar University,
Director, Entomology Research Institute, Loyola
College, Chennai-34.
(ii) Thiru A. Ramasamy, Vice-Chairman, Tamil Nadu
State Council for Higher Education, Chennai-6
(iii) Professor S. Bhaskaran, Member-Secretary,
Tamil Nadu State Council for Higher Education,
Chennai
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY TO GOVERNMENT AND
COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
