---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2008"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220811214225/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2008/370-Ex-II-2.pdf"
Issue No: "370"
Issue Date: "2008-12-15"
Gazette Number: "II-2"
Category: "Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "Home Department - Certain Police Officers/Personnel As Designated Officers Under The Control Of The Election Commission."
---

©
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/117/2006-08.
2008
[Price:  Re. 0.80 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 370]
CHENNAI, MONDAY, DECEMBER 15, 2008
Karthigai 30, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2039
Part II—Section  2
Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public
issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
DTP—II-2 Ex. (370)
HOME DEPARTMENT
CERTAIN POLICE OFFICERS/PERSONNEL AS DESIGNATED OFFICERS
UNDER THE CONTROL OF THE ELECTION COMMISSION.
[G.O. Ms. No. 1630, Home (Pol. XIII), 15th December 2008, è£˜ˆF¬è 30, F¼õœÀõ˜ Ý‡´ - 2039.]
No. II(2)/HO/601(c)/2008.
 Under Section 28-A of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 (Central Act XLIII of 1951),
the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby designates the Director-General of  Police, Additional Director-General
of Police (Law and Order), Inspector-General of Police, South Zone, Madurai, the Commissioner of Police/
Superintendent of Police, Madurai and all Police Officials subordinate to them and up to the level of   Police
Constables and any other Police Officers/Officials performing in any way election related duties for the
conduct of Bye-Election to be held on the 9th January, 2009 to the Legislative Assembly of this State from
137. Thirumangalam Assembly Constituency of this State as Designated Officers. All the said Officers shall
be deemed to be on deputation to the Election Commission for the period commencing on and from the
date of the Notification calling for the said Election and ending with the date of declaration  of the result
of the said Election and accordingly, the said officers shall, during that period, be subject to the control,
superintendence and discipline of the Election Commission.
S.  MALATHI,
Principal Secretary to Government.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE PRINCIPAL SECRETARY TO GOVERNMENT AND
COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
