---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "ordinary"
year: "2021"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220813222030/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/gazette/2021/33_I.pdf"
Part: "1. Part 1"
Content: "Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments 1. I. Notice Regarding Gazette Extraordinary Issues Published During the Week 2. II. Notice Regarding Parts and Sections of the Gazette Not Published During the Week 3. HOME DEPARTMENT - (SC.) - Appointment 4. PUBLIC DEPARTMENT - (Special-A) - Deputation"
Date: "2021-08-18"
Issue: "33"
---

TAMIL  NADU 
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE	
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
	
[105]
DTP—Part-I (33)
	
©	
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
	GOVERNMENT  OF  TAMIL  NADU	
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
	
 2021	
[Price : Rs. 1.60 Paise.
No. 33]	
chennai, wednesday, aUGUST 18,  2021	 	
	
	
	
Aavani 2, Pilava, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2052
Part  I
Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of 
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
Notifications   by  government 
contents
         
Pages.
HOME DEPARTMENT 
(s.c.)
Appointment	
..	
..	
..	
..	
..	
..
107
PUBLIC DEPARTMENT 
(Special-A)
Deputation	
..	
..	
..	
..	
..	
..
107


	
tamil  nadu  government  gazette	
[Part   I
106
Issue 
Number.
 Part and Section.
Date of  Issue.
Issued by.
Subject.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
343
Part  VI—Section 2
4th August 2021 Tamil Nadu State Election 
Commission, 
Chennai-600 106.
[Elections - Local Bodies - List of Recognised 
Political Parties and their Symbols, List 
of Registered unrecognized Political 
Parties and List of  free symbols certain 
Amendment to Notification - Issued]
344
Part  II—Section 2
Do.
Public Department  
(Law Officers)
[Census 2021 - Date of freezing of 
Boundaries of Administrative Units in 
connection with Census Operations - 
Extended upto 31st December 2021 
orders - Issued]
345
Part I
Do.
Home Department  
(Courts - IV)
Appointment
346
Part II—Section 1
Do.
Legislative Assembly  
Secretariat
Summoning of the Tamil Nadu Legislative 
Assembly
347
Do.
5th August 2021 Finance Department
Market Borrowing Programme of State 
Government by Auction.
348
Part II—Section 2
Do.
Municipal Administration and 
Water Supply Department
Cõè£C CøŠ¹ G¬ô ïèó£†C - F¼ˆîƒè™ 
ïèó£†CJ¬ù HKˆî™ ñŸÁ‹ F¼ˆîƒè™ 
ïèó£†CJ¬ù Ü¬ñˆ¶¼õ£‚°î™ - 
Ý¬íèœ ªõOJìŠð´Aø¶.
349
Part VI—Section 1
Do.
The Commissioner of Land 
Administration Chepauk, 
Chennai.
Acquisition of Lands 
	
Amendment to Notification
350
Part I
6th August 2021 Home Department  
(Courts - IV)
[Law Officers - Supreme Court of India- 
Tvl. 
V. 
Krishnamurthy 
and 
Amit 
Anand Tiwari Advocates - Appointed 
as Additional Advocates General of  
Tamil 
Nadu 
to 
Represent 
the 
Government of Tamil Nadu Before 
the Supreme Court of India - Orders - 
Issued]
351
Part VI—Section 1
Do.
The Commissioner of Land 
Administration Chepauk, 
Chennai.
Acquisition of Lands
352
Part II—Section 2
Do.
Revenue and Disaster 
Management Department
Demarcation of Containment Zone to 
Control Covid 19 - List of Containment 
Zone as on 30-7-2021 under the 
Disaster Management Act,  2005.
353
Do.
7th August 2021
Do.
Covid 19 Lockdown Extended in the 
Territorial Jurisdictions of the State of 
Tamil Nadu with Existing Guidelines and 
Relaxations upto 6.00 AM of 23.8.2021 
under the Disaster Management Act, 
2005.
I. Notice Regarding Gazette Extraordinary Issues Published During the Week.
The following Notifications were published in Extraordinary issues of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette 
during the week ending 7th August 2021 :— 
II. Notice Regarding Parts and Sections of the Gazette Not Published During the Week.
The following Parts and Sections of the Gazette are not published in this week:—
Part III—Sections 1(a) and 2
Part IV—Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4
Part V—Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4


Aug. 18, 2021]	
Tamil  Nadu  Government  Gazette	
	
	
  107
printed  and  published  by  the Commissioner  of  Stationery  and  printing, chennai 
on  behalf  of  the  Government  of  Tamil  Nadu
home Department 
(S.C.)
[G.O. Ms. No. 313, Home (SC), 6th August 2021,   
Ý® 21, Hôõ, F¼õœÀõ˜ Ý‡´-2052.]
No. I/HO/10/2021.—The following Notification of the 
Government of India, Ministry of Home Affairs, New Delhi, 
dated 30.7.2021 is republished-
"In suppression of this Ministry's notification 
No.I-14013/11/2021-IPS.I(E(I), dated 28.6.2021 and 
Corrigendum of even number dated 20.7.2021 and consequent 
upon inclusion of the names of following two officers in the 
Select List 2008 & 2013 of Tamil Nadu Cadre of IPS, the 
position are indicated below:-
Name
(1)
Date of 
Birth
(2)
Position in Select List 
based on Review SCM
Smt. S. Mallikha
14.03.1969
At S.No.5A, below  
A. Radhika (S.No.5) 
and above  
Ms. R. Lalitha Lakshmi 
(S.No.6) in the Select List 
of 2008 prepared by the 
Selection Committee 
in its meeting held on 
22.12.2008. 
Shri Pa. Moorthy
05.05.1967
At S.No.0A above  
Shri T. Jeyachandran 
(S.No.1) in the Select 
List of 2013 prepared by 
the Selection 
Committee in its meeting 
held 09.02.2015. 
2. Union Public Service Commission, vide letter No. 
7/18(2)2019-AIS dated 23-06-2021, has approved the 
recommendations of the Review Selection Committee which 
met on 09-04-2021 to reconsider the name of Smt. S. Mallikha 
for inclusion in the Select List of 2008 and Shri Pa. Moorthy 
for inclusion in the Select List of 2013 for appointment by 
promotion to Tamil Nadu Cadre of IPS. These recommendations 
are in pursuance of Order dated 27-11-2017 of Hon'ble High 
Court of Madras in RA No. 78/2016 filed by Smt. S. Mallikha 
& in compliance with Order dated 12-10-2018 of Hon'ble 
CAT, Madras Bench in O.A. No 310/01226/2018 filed by 
Shri Pa. Moorthy. 
3. In exercise of the powers conferred by sub-rule (1) 
of rule 9 of the Indian Police Service (Recruitment) Rules, 
1954, read with sub-regulation (1) of regulation 9 of the 
Indian Police Service (Appointment by Promotion) Regulations, 
1955, the President is pleased to re-appoint Smt. S. Mallikha 
(D.O.B 14.03.1969) and Shri Pa. Moorthy (D.O.B 05.05.1967) 
(Officers earlier appointed from Select Lists 2010 & 2014) to 
the Indian Police Service of Tamil Nadu Cadre against the 
Select Lists of 2008 & 2013 with all consequential benefits. 
4. The appointment of Smt. S. Mallikha, is effective from 
the date of appointment of her immediate senior namely 
Smt. A. Radhika i.e. 05.05.2009 and appointment of Shri 
Pa. Moorthy is effective from the date of appointment of his 
junior namely Shri T. Jeyachandran i.e. 12.06.2015. Further, 
the appointment of Smt. S. Mallikha and Shri Pa. Moorthy 
are subject to decision of Govt. of India (DoP&T) and Court 
orders, if any, on the matter of interpolation.
5. This issues in addition to this Ministry's Notification 
No.I-14011/19/2011-IPS.I (I) (II) dated 13.03.2012 and 
Notification No. I-14011/28/2017-IPS.I (I) (II) dated 11.4.2018"
[No. I.14013/11/2021-IPS.I(E) (I).]
	
                  
	
A.K. Saran,  	
	
Director (Police),	
	
30-07-2021.
(By Order of the Governor)
                                 S.K. Prabakar,  	
                          Additional Chief Secretary to Government. 
PUBLIC DEPARTMENT 
(Special-A)
[G.O.Ms. No. 453, Public (Special - A), 10th August 2021,   
Ý® 25, Hôõ, F¼õœÀõ˜ Ý‡´-2052.]
No. I/PUSP/11/2021.—The following Notification of the 
Government of India, Ministry of Personnel,  Public Grievances 
and Pensions, Department of Personnel and Training, 
New Delhi, dated 24th June 2021 is republished:- 
“In exercise of the powers conferred by Rule 6 (1) of the 
Indian Administrative Service (Cadre) Rules, 1954 and with the 
concurrence of the State Governments of Uttar Pradesh and 
Tamil Nadu, the Central Government hereby accords approval 
for Inter cadre deputation of Shri K.Vijayendra Pandian, 
IAS (UP:2008) from Uttar Pradesh cadre to Tamil Nadu 
cadre on personal grounds for a period of three years from 
the date of assumption of charge in the cadre or until further 
orders, whichever is earlier". 
(By Order of the Governor)
[No. 13017/32/2020-AIS. (I).]
                                          V. Irai Anbu,  	
                                          Chief Secretary. 
notifications by government
