---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "ordinary"
year: "2021"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20220813221536/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/gazette/2021/39_I.pdf"
Part: "1. Part 1"
Content: "Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments I. Notice Regarding Gazette Extraordinary Issues Published During the Week II. Notice Regarding Parts and Sections of the Gazette Not Published During the Week"
Date: "2021-09-29"
Issue: "39"
---

TAMIL  NADU 
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE	
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
	
[131]
DTP—Part-I (39)
	
©	
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
	GOVERNMENT  OF  TAMIL  NADU	
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
	
 2021	
[Price : Rs. 1.60 Paise.
No. 39]	
chennai, wednesday, September 29,  2021		
	
	
Purattasi 13, Pilava, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2052
Part  I
Notifications or Orders regarding first appointments, investiture of 
magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.
Notifications   by  government 
contents
-Nil-


	
tamil  nadu  government  gazette	
[Part   I
132
Issue 
Number.
 Part and Section.
Date of  Issue.
Issued by.
Subject.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
411
Part VI—Section 2
13th September 2021 Tamil Nadu State 
Election Commission, 
Chennai-600 106.
[Elections - Ordinary Elections, 2019 – 
Tiruvarur District – Election of 
Ward No.11 of Tiruvarur District 
Panchayat – Death of a Candidate 
set up by Recognised Political 
Party – Adjourned – Cancellation 
Notification Issued.]
412
Do.
Do.
Do.
[Elections - Panchayats - Conduct 
of - Hours of Poll - Notified - 
Amendments - Issued.]
413
Part IV—Section 1
Do.
The Tamil Nadu Legislative 
Assembly
The Tamil Nadu Payment of Salaries 
(Amendment) Act, 2021, etc., 
Bill No. 41 of 2021, etc.
414
Part II—Section 1
Do.
Agriculture and Farmers 
Welfare Department.
Amendment 
to 
the 
Tamil 
Nadu 
Agricultural 
Produce 
Marketing 
(Regulation) Act.
415
Part VI—Section 2
Do.
Tamil Nadu State 
Election Commission, 
Chennai-600 106.
[Elections – Local Bodies List of 
Recognised Political Parties and 
their Symbols, List of Registered 
unrecognized Political Parties and 
List of Free Symbols - certain 
Amendment to notification - Issued.]
416
Part V—Section 4 
15th September 2021
Notifications by the 
Election Commission of 
India
Appointment of Dates For Various 
Stages and Fixation of Hours 
of Poll For Bye-Election to the 
Council of States to fill up the 
Vacancy caused due to the 
Resignation of 
Thiru K.P. Munusamy Vacant 
from 07-05-2021.
417
Do.
Do.
Do.
Appointment of Dates for Various 
Stages and Fixation of Hours 
of Poll for Bye-Election to the 
Council of States to Fill up the 
Vacancy caused due to the 
Resignation of 
Thiru R. Vaithilingam Vacant from 
07-05-2021.
418
Do.
Do.
Do.
Appointment of Returning Officer and 
Assistant Officer for two seperate 
Bye-Elections to the Council of States
419
Part VI—Section 2
Do.
Tamil Nadu State 
Election Commission, 
Chennai-600 106.
[Elections - Ordinary Elections - 
Members of District Panchayats  - 
Conduct of Notified.]
420
Do.
Do.
Do.
[Elections 
- 
Council 
Elections 
- 
Members of District Panchayats  - 
Conduct of Notified.]
I. Notice Regarding Gazette Extraordinary Issues Published During the Week.
The following Notifications were published in Extraordinary issues of the Tamil Nadu Government Gazette 
during the week ending 18th September  2021:— 


Sep. 29, 2021]	
Tamil  Nadu  Government  Gazette	
	
	
  133
Issue 
Number.
 Part and Section.
Date of  Issue.
Issued by.
Subject.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
421
Part V—Section 4
15th September 2021 Notifications by the 
Election Commission of 
India
Amendment to the List of Electoral 
Registration Officer for the Assembly 
Constituencies in the State of 
Tamil Nadu
422
Part II—Section 2
Do.
Industries Department
Acquistion of Lands - Withdrawal from 
Notification.
423
Part II—Section 1
16th September 2021 Finance Department
Market Borrowing Programme of State 
Government by Auction.
424
Part VI—Section 1
17th September 2021 The Commissioner of Land 
Administration Chepauk, 
Chennai-600 005.
Acquisition of Lands.
425
Part VI—Section 2
Do.
Tamil Nadu State 
Election Commission, 
Chennai-600 106.
[Elections - Ordinary Elections - Rural 
Local Bodies - Appointment of 
Polling Agents - Orders Issued.
426
Part II—Section 2
Do.
Revenue 
and 
Disaster 
Managment Department
Demarcation 
of 
Containment 
Zone to control Covid-19, List 
of 
Containment 
Zone 
as 
on 
03-09-2021 under the Disaster 
Management Act, 2005
427
Part I
18th September 2021
Public Department 
(Special B)
Warrant of Appointment of Governor
II. Notice Regarding Parts and Sections of the Gazette Not Published During the Week.
The following Parts and Sections of the Gazette are not published in this week:—
Part II—Section 1
Part IV—Sections 1,2,3 and 4
Part V—Sections 1,2,3 and 4
Part VI—Sections 3(a) and 3(b)
printed  and  published  by  the Commissioner  of  Stationery  and  printing, chennai 
on  behalf  of  the  Government  of  Tamil  Nadu
