---
source: "wayback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2013"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20200205212339/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in:80/extraordinary/2013/43-Ex-II-2.pdf"
Issue No: "43"
Issue Date: "2013-02-15"
Gazette Number: "43-Ex-II-2"
Category: "Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "FINANCE DEPARTMENT - CONSTITUTION OF TAMIL NADU INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT FUND UNDER THE TAMIL NADU INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT ACT, 2012 (ACT 22 OF 2012)"
---

©
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
 2013
[Price:  Re. 0.80 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 43]
CHENNAI, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2013
Maasi 3, Nandhana, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2044
Part II—Section  2
Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public
issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
DTP—II-2 Ex. (43)
FINANCE DEPARTMENT
CONSTITUTION OF TAMIL NADU INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT FUND UNDER THE
TAMIL NADU INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT ACT, 2012 (ACT 22 OF 2012)
[G.O. Ms. No. 39, Finance (Infrastructure cell), 14th February 2013,
ñ£C 2, ï‰îù, F¼õœÀõ˜ Ý‡´-2044.]
No. II(2)/FIN/193(a-1)/2013.
In exercise of the powers conferred by sub-section (1) of Section 24 of the Tamil Nadu
Infrastructure Development Act, 2012  (Tamil Nadu Act 22 of 2012), the Governor of Tamil Nadu
hereby constitutes the Tamil Nadu Infrastructure Development Fund with an initial corpus of
Rs. 10,00,00,000/-(Rupees Ten Crores only).
CONSTITUTION OF PROJECT PREPARATION FUND UNDER THE TAMIL NADU
INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT ACT, 2012 (ACT 22 OF 2012)
[G.O. Ms. No. 40, Finance (Infrastructure cell), 14th February 2013,
ñ£C 2, ï‰îù, F¼õœÀõ˜ Ý‡´-2044.]
No. II(2)/FIN/193(a-2)/2013.
In exercise of the powers conferred by sub-section (1) of Section 25 of the Tamil Nadu Infrastructure
Development Act, 2012  (Tamil Nadu Act 22 of 2012), the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby constitutes
the Project Preparation Fund  with an initial corpus of Rs. 5,00,00,000/-(Rupees Five Crores only).
   K. SHANMUGAM,
  Principal Secretary to Government.
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
