---
source: "original_fallback"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2013"
pdf_url: "https://web.archive.org/web/20200205212344/http://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in:80/extraordinary/2013/44-Ex-II-2.pdf"
Issue No: "44"
Issue Date: "2013-02-18"
Gazette Number: "43-Ex-II-2"
Category: "Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments."
Department: "INDUSTRIES DEPARTMENT - ACQUISITION OF LANDS"
---

©
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
GOVERNMENT OF  TAMIL  NADU
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009.
 2013
[Price:  Rs. 1.60 Paise.
TAMIL  NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY
PUBLISHED  BY  AUTHORITY
No. 44]
CHENNAI, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 2013
Maasi 6, Nandhana, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2044
Part II—Section  2
Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public
issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS  BY  GOVERNMENT
DTP—II-2 Ex. (44)
[ 1 ]
INDUSTRIES DEPARTMENT
ACQUISITION OF LANDS
[G.O. Ms. No. 27, Industries (SIPCOT-LA), 18th February
2013, ñ£ê¤ 6, ïï¢îù, î¤¼õ÷¢Àõó¢ Ýí¢´-2044.]
No. II(2)/IND/193b(1)/2013.
The Government of Tamil Nadu having been satisfied that
the lands specified in the schedule below have to be acquired
for industrial purpose to wit, for expansion of the Sriperumbudur
Industrial Complex by SIPCOT and  it having already
been decided that the entire amount of compensation to be
awarded for the lands is to be paid out of the funds controlled
or managed by Government, the following Notice is issued
under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Tamil Nadu
Acquisition of Land for Industrial Purposes Act, 1997 (Tamil
Nadu Act 10 of 1999).
NOTIFICATION
Under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Tamil Nadu
Acquisition of Land for Industrial Purposes Act, 1997 (Tamil
Nadu Act 10 of 1999), the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby
acquires the lands in 39, Mambakkam Village, Sriperumbudur
Taluk, Kancheepuram District, specified in the schedule below
and measuring 4.25.0 hectares to the same, a little more or
less needed for Industrial Purpose, to wit, for expansion of the
Sriperumbudur Industrial Complex by SIPCOT.
The plan of the lands are kept in the Office of the Special
Tahsildar, SIPCOT, Irungattukottai and Sriperumbudur Scheme,
Irungattukottai Kancheepuram District and may be inspected at
any time during office hours.
THE SCHEDULE
Kancheepuram District, Sriperumbudur Taluk,
No. 39, Mambakkam Village.
Block-VI
Dry, S.No. 127/1A1, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Yoshothammal, wife of Masilamani, Dharmalingam,
son of Chinnappa Mudaliyar, Tamil Nadu Chemical Products
Private Limited, Kuppan, son of Jayarama Naicker—0.17.5
hectare.
Dry, S.No. 127/1A2, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Vaduvammal, wife of Balaram Naicker, Tamil Nadu
Chemical Products Private Limited—0.26.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.127/1B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Rajagopal Reddy, son of R. Kandasamy,  Tamil
Nadu Chemical Products Private Limited—0.40.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.127/2, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  M/s. V.R.V. Imports & Exports Private Limited,
Venkatesan, son of Elumalai Naicker—0.52.0 hectare.
Dry,S.No.127/3—Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Tamil Nadu Chemical Products Private Limited, R.K.
Bagavathi Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.32.5 hectare.


2
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
Dry, S.No.127/4, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Tamil Nadu Chemical Products Private Limited,
R.K. Bagavathi Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.17.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.127/5, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Sivalinga Naicker, son of Ellappa Naicker,
R.K. Bagavathi Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.17.0  hectare.
Dry, S.No.127/6, Name of the Land wners/Persons
Interested, Tamil Nadu Chemical Products Private Limited,
Andal, wife of Rajagopal Naicker—0.18.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No. 127/7, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Kishtappan, son of Venkatachalam, Elumalai
Naicker, son of Muthusamy Naicker, Sumithra, daughter of
Rathan Sing—0.09.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.127/8, Name of the Land Owners/ Persons
Interested, Sundari Ammal, wife of Kandasamy Chettiyar,
Tamil Nadu Chemical Products Private Limited—0.20.0
hectare.
Dry, S.No. 127/9, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Krishnadoss, son of Ramakrishna Naidu,
R.K. Bagavathi Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.07.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.127/10, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Kuppan, son of Jayaram Naicker—0.12.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No.128/1, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Premavathi, wife of Ranganatha Naicker, Abdul Salim
Badsha, son of Abdul Salim, Martin Vedamuthu, Kannammal,
wife of Ethiraj Naidu, M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited,
M/s. Alsa Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Abdu Badsha—0.51.5
hectare.
Dry, S.No. 128/2, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Kasiyammal, wife of R. Perumal Naicker,
Krishnadoss, son of Ramakrishna Naidu, R.K. Bagavathi
Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.06.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.128/3, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, R.K. Bagavathi Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.06.5
hectare.
Dry, S.No.128/4, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Kannappa Naicker, son of Krishnappa Naicker,
Tamil Nadu Chemical Products Private Limited—0.26.5
hectare.
Dry, S.No.128/5, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Nagammal—0.14.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.128/6, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Ranganathan, son of Kuppusamy Naicker, Abdul
Salim Badsha, son of Abdul Salim, Martin Vedamuthu,
M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited, M/s. Alsa
Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Abdul Badsha—0.25.0
hectare.
Dry, S.No. 128/7, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Premavathi, wife of Ranganatha Naicker, Abdul Salim
Badsha, son of Abdul Salim, Martin Vedamuthu,
M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited, M/s. Alsa
Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Abdu Badsha—0.24.5
hectare.
Total—4.25.0 hectares.
[G.O. Ms. No. 28, Industries (SIPCOT-LA), 18th February
2013, ñ£ê¤ 6, ïï¢îù, î¤¼õ÷¢Àõó¢ Ýí¢´-2044.]
No. II(2)/IND/193b(2)/2013.
The Government of Tamil Nadu having been satisfied that
the lands specified in the schedule below have to be acquired
for industrial purpose to wit, for setting up of SIPCOT Industrial
Park and it having already been decided that the entire amount
of compensation to be awarded for the lands is to be paid out
of the funds controlled or managed by Government, the following
Notice is issued under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the
Tamil Nadu Acquisition of Land for Industrial Purposes Act,
1997 (Tamil Nadu Act 10 of 1999).
NOTIFICATION
Under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Tamil Nadu
Acquisition of Land for Industrial Purposes Act, 1997
(Tamil Nadu Act 10 of 1999), the Governor of Tamil Nadu
hereby acquires the lands specified in the schedule below and
measuring 11.38.0 hectares to the same, a little more or less
needed for Industrial Park by SIPCOT.
The plan of the lands are kept in the Office of the Special
Tahsildar (Land Acquisition), SIPCOT, Unit 3, Tindivanam,
Villupuram District and may be inspected at any time during
office hours.
 THE SCHEDULE
Villupuram District, Tindivanam Taluk,
No. 38, Venmaniyathur Village.
Unit -3 Block-I
Dry, S.No. 46/1B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Masuthakkani, son of Abdhuljalal—0.08.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No. 46/2B2, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Ranganathan, son of Thirumalai Gounder,
Swaminathan, son of Daruma Gounder, Durai Sami, son of
Daruma Gounder—0.27.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No. 47/2, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Natarajan, son of Pethaiyan—0.15.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No.47/3, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Natarajan, son of Pethaiyan—0.44.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.47/4B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Balakrishnan, son of Govindasamy Gounder—
1.03.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No.48/3B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, M. Jeyalakshmi, R. Sivasankari, M. Menakadevi,
Devasenathipathi—0.20.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.50/2B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Jeenath Begam, wife of Sarpudhin—2.25.5 hectares.


TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
3
Dry, S.No.51/1, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Sarpudhin, son of Abdhul Rahman—1.17.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No.51/2, Name of the Land wners/Persons Interested,
Sarpudhin, son of Abdhul Rahman—0.35.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No.51/3A, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Reka, wife of Vengatesan—0.02.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.51/3B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  M. Jeyalakshmi, R. Sivasankari, M. Menakadevi,
Devasenathipathi—1.03.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.51/4, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Elangovan, son of Madhivanan—1.87.0 hectares.
Dry, S.No.52/2B, of the Land Owners/Persons Interested,
Sarpudhin, son of Abdhul Rahman—0.27.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.52/3, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested Sarpudhin, son of Abdhul Rahman—0.43.0
hectare.
Dry, S.No.52/4, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Rajasekar, son of Balakrishnan, Gunasekar, son
of Balakrishnan—0.02.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.52/5, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Mainor Suresh Guardian Rajagopal—1.02.5  hectare.
Dry, S.No.53/6B, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Vetri Vel, son of Ellappan—0.05.0 hectare.
Dry, S.No.55/4B2, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Kantha, wife of Kannadasan—0.68.5  hectare.
Total—11.38.0 hectares.
[G.O. Ms. No. 29, Industries (SIPCOT-LA), 18th February
2013, ñ£ê¤ 6, ïï¢îù, î¤¼õ÷¢Àõó¢ Ýí¢´-2044.]
No. II(2)/IND/193b(3)/2013.
The Government of Tamil Nadu having been satisfied that
the lands specified in the schedule below have to be acquired
for industrial purpose to wit, for expansion of the Sriperumbudur
Industrial Complex by SIPCOT and  it having already been
decided that the entire amount of compensation to be awarded
for the lands is to be paid out of the funds controlled or managed
by Government of Tamil Nadu, the following Notice is issued
under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Tamil Nadu Acquisition
of Land for Industrial Purposes Act, 1997  (Tamil Nadu
Act 10 of 1999).
NOTIFICATION
Under sub-section (1) of Section 3 of the Tamil Nadu
Acquisition of Land for Industrial Purposes Act, 1997 (Tamil
Nadu Act 10 of 1999), the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby
acquires the lands in 39, Mambakkam Village, Sriperumbudur
Taluk, Kancheepuram District, specified in the schedule
below and measuring 3.83.0 hectares to the same, a little
more or less needed for Industrial Purpose, to wit, for expansion
of the Sriperumbudur Industrial Complex by SIPCOT.
The plan of the lands are kept in the Office of the Special
Tahsildar, SIPCOT, Irungattukottai and Sriperumbudur Scheme,
Irungattukottai Kancheepuram District and may be inspected at
any time during office hours.
THE SCHEDULE
Kancheepuram District, Sriperumbudur Taluk,
No. 39, Mambakkam Village.
Block-I
Dry, S.No. 119/2A, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Duraisamy, son of Veeran, B.A. Chandirasekar, son
of Ashvanth Narayana Chetty, R.K. Bagavathi Raj, son of
Kuppusamy—0.71.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No. 119/3A1A, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Srinivasan, son of Derisamy, Geethasambath, wife
of Sambanthkumar, Sri Neela, wife of Derisamy, Sudhakar
Peterson, son of Johnson, Femapas, Immanuvel Janakkam,
son of Johnson, Project Officer, P.S. Rajaram, son of
D. Shanmuga Konar, M. Jayakumar, son of Murugesan,
Managing Partner, Paranitharan, son of R.V. Subramani,
S. Nakkiran, son of Subramani, Sidharthan, son of Subramani,
S. Elangovan, son of R.V. Subramani, R.K. Bagavathi Raj, son
of Kuppusamy, S. Narasmian, son of Suruttaipillai, M/s. Hindustan
Petroleum Corporation Limited, A. Maliga, wife of P. Iyanathan,
Canara Bank, Ratanlal Jain, son of Kislol Jain, R.K. Bagavathi
Raj, son of Kuppusamy—0.78.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.119/4, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Martin, daughter of Santhiyak, Abdul Salim Badsha,
son of Abdul Saleem, M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited,
M/s. Alsa Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
Apex Foundation Private Limited, Martin Vedamuthu, Abdul
Badsha—0.5.15 hectare.
Dry, S.No.119/5, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested,  Abdul Salim Badsha, son of Abdul Salim,
Balasubramani, son of Ramakrishna Naidu, R.K. Bagavathi Raj,
son of Kuppusamy, R. Vimala, wife of Ram Mohan—0.52.0
hectare.
Dry, S.No.119/7A1, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Martin, son of Santhiyak, Abdul Salim Badsha, son of
Abdul Saleem, M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited,
M/s. Alsa Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Martin Vedamuthu,
Chokkalingam, son of Ellappa Naicker, Kanniappan, Ganapathy,
Abdul Badsha—0.15.0  hectare.
Dry, S.No.119/8, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Martin, son of Santhiyak, Abdul Salim Badsha, son of
Abdul Saleem, M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited,
M/s. Alsa Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Martin Vedamuthu, Abdul
Badsha—0.20.5 hectare.


4
TAMIL  NADU  GOVERNMENT  GAZETTE  EXTRAORDINARY
Dry, S.No.119/9, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Martin, son of Santhiyak, Abdul Salim Badsha, son of
Abdul Saleem, M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited, Martin
Vedamuthu, M/s. Alsa Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul
Salim Badsha, M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Abdul
Badsha—0.31.5 hectare.
Dry, S.No.119/10, Name of the Land Owners/Persons
Interested, Abdul Salim Badsha, son of Dr. Abdul Saleem, Martin
Vedamuthu, M/s. Manipal Finance Corporation Limited,
M/s. Alsa Construction & Housing Limited, Abdul Salim Badsha,
M/s. Apex Foundation Private Limited, Abdul Badha,
Balasubramani, son of Ramakrishna Naidu—0.62.5  hectare.
Total—3.83.0 hectares.
N.S. PALANIAPPAN,
Principal Secretary to Government.
PRINTED  AND  PUBLISHED BY THE DIRECTOR OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
