---
source: "original"
type: "extraordinary"
year: "2024"
pdf_url: "https://www.stationeryprinting.tn.gov.in/extraordinary/2024/50_Ex_II_2_2024.pdf"
Issue No: "50"
Issue Date: "16-02-2024"
Extraordinary Part & Section: "Part II--Section 2"
Extraordinary Type: "Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments."
Subject: "Removal of Chairman Of Gangavalli Panchayat Union Council, Salem District under the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994.RURAL DEVELOPMENT AND PANCHAYAT RAJ DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/RDPR/85(c)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 26, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj (PR-4), 16th February 20244916-02-2024Part VI--Section 1Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, Etc.Acquisition of LandsWATER RESOURCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. VI(1)/171(a-1)/2024.--(Roc. No.2203/2019/E); Notification No. VI(1)/171(a-2)/2024.--(Roc No.4903/2023/A)4815-02-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Acquisition of LandsWATER RESOURCES DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/85(a)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 56, Commercial Taxes and Registration (D1), 15th February 2024, Maasi 3, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2055.]4715-02-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification under the Tamil Nadu Taxes (Settlement of Arrears) Act, 2023.COMMERCIAL TAXES and REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/85(a)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 56, Commercial Taxes and Registration (D1), 15th February 2024,4615-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (English)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBill No. 3 of 2024—The Tamil Nadu Panchayats (Second Amendment) Act, 2024.4615-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (English)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBill No. 4 of 2024—The Tamil Nadu Panchayats (Third Amendment) Act, 2024.4615-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (Tamil)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBill No. 3 of 2024—The Tamil Nadu Panchayats (Second Amendment) Act, 2024.4615-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (Tamil)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBill No. 4 of 2024—The Tamil Nadu Panchayats (Third Amendment) Act, 2024.4514-02-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat DepartmentsMarket Borrowing Programme of State Government by AuctionFINANCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(1)/FIN/4(e)/2024.--[No.701(L)/W&M-II/2024]4414-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (Tamil)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBill No. 2 of 2024—A Bill to repeal the Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Dr. J Jayalalithaa Memorial Foundation Act, 2020.4414-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (Tamil)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBll No. 1 of 2024--A Bill further to amend the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994.4414-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (Tamil)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBill No. 2 of 2024—A Bill to repeal the Tamil Nadu Puratchi Thalaivi Dr. J Jayalalithaa Memorial Foundation Act, 2020.4414-02-2024Part IV--Section 1Tamil Nadu Bills.Bills (Tamil)TAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATBll No. 1 of 2024--A Bill further to amend the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994.4313-02-2024Part III—Section 1aGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Amendments to the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Rules, 2017.COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A- /2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 54, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1) , 13th February 2024, Maasi 1, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2055.4213-02-2024Part INotifications or orders regarding first appointments, investiture of magisterial powers, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Ministers-Thiru. V. Senthilbalaji - Relieved of Ministership--Notified.PUBLIC DEPARTMENT (Special-B)Notification No. I/PUSP/4(a)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 141, Public (Special-B), 13th February 2024, Maasi 1, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2055.4113-02-2024Part VI—Section 1Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, EtcACQUISITION OF LANDS--FORM-C--NOTICE UNDER SUB-SECTION (1) OF SECTION 15 OF THE TAMIL NADU HIGHWAYS ACT, 2001.THE COMMISSIONER OF LAND ADMINISTRATION, CHEPAUK, CHENNAI-600 005.Notification No. VI(1)/ 146(a)/2024.--(LA-VI(3)/6548236/2024)4010-02-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Tamil Nadu Real Estate Regulatory Authority, Chairperson of Tamil Nadu Real Estate Regulatory Authority Ceases to Hold Office on Expiry of Term of Office on 10-2-2024 A.N.HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/HOU/69(a-1)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No.25, Housing and Urban Development [UD3(2)], 10th February 20244010-02-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Tamil Nadu Real Estate Regulatory Authority, Member of Tamil Nadu Real Estate Regulatory Authority Ceases to Hold Office on Expiry of Term of Office on 10-2-2024 A.N.HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/HOU/69(a-2)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No.26, Housing and Urban Development [UD3(2)], 10th February 2024.3906-02-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Variations to the Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax Act, 2006COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/62(f)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 39, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B2), 6th February 2024, Thai 23, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2055.3806-02-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification under the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/62(e)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 38, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 6th February 2024, Thai 23, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu–2055.3701-02-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Summoning of the Tamil Nadu Legislative AssemblyLEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATNotification No. II(1)/LAS/4(d)/2024.--[S.O.Ms.No. 8, Legislative Assembly Secretariat, 1st February 2024, Thai 18, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2055.]3631-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Draft Notification of Revision of Minimum Rates of Wages for Employment in Hosiery Manufactory and Knitwear Manufactory under the The Minimum Wages Act, 1948.LABOUR WELFARE AND SKILL DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/LWSD/62(d)/2024.--G.O.(D) No. 57, Labour Welfare and Skill Development (J1), 31st January 20243531-01-2024Part VI--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public issued by Heads of Departments, etc.Removal of Panchayat Union President, Thamaraipakkam, Ellapuram Panchayat, Thiruvallur DistrictCOLLECTORS AND LOCAL AUTHORITIESNotification No. VI(2)/1b/2024.--[Roc. No. 200/2022/A3]3431-01-2024Part VI--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a section of the public issued by Heads of Departments, etc.Removal of Panchayat Union President, Vengathur, Kadambathur Panchayat, Thiruvallur DistrictCOLLECTORS AND LOCAL AUTHORITIESNotification No. VI(2)/1(a)/2024.--[Roc. No. 4166/2022/A3]3331-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Removal of Chairman and Vice-Chairman   of Lathur Panchayat Union Council, Chengalpattu District under the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994.RURAL DEVELOPMENT AND PANCHAYAT RAJ DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/RDPR/62(c)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 17, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj (PR-4), 31st January 20243231-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Government School SyllabusSCHOOL EDUCATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/SE/62(b)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 27, School Education (TRB) Department, 31st January 20243131-01-2024Part IV--Section 2Tamil Nadu Acts and Ordinances.ACTS (ENGLISH)LAW DEPARTMENTACT No.1 OF 2024--An Act further to amend the Tamil Nadu Agricultural Produce Marketing (Regulation) Act, 19873031-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification of Thanthai Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary, Erode District nder the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972ENVIRONMENT, CLIMATE CHANGE AND FORESTS DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/ECCF/62(a)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 19, Environment, Climate Change and Forests (FR.5), 30th January 20242930-01-2024Part III--Section 1AGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Amendments to the Tamil Nadu  Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Rules, 2017.SOCIAL WELFARE AND WOMEN EMPOWERMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A-1(c)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 5, Social Welfare and Women Empowerment [SW 8(1)] , 30th January 20242830-01-2024Part III—Section 1AGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Amendment to the Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax Rules, 2007COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A-1(b)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 18, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 30th January 2024, Thai 16, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2055.2730-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.List of Notaries Appointed by Government of Tamil Nadu and  in Practice at the beginning of the year 2024 - Published\"LAW DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/LAW/58(C)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No.154, Law Department, 30th January 2024.2630-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Approved Master Plan for the Rajapalayam Local Planning Area 2041 under the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971.HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/HOU/58(b)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No.21, Housing and Urban Development [UD4(2)], 30th January 20242529-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Appointment as Vice-Chancellor of the Tamil Nadu Dr. J Jayalalithaa Fisheries University, Nagapattinam for certain Period under the Tamil Nadu Fisheries University Act, 2012.ANIMAL HUSBANDRY, DAIRYING, FISHERIES AND FISHERMEN WELFARE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/AHDFFW/58(a)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No.6, Animal Husbandry, Dairying, Fisheries and Fishermen Welfare (FS2) , 29th January 20242429-01-2024Part VI--Section 1Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, Etc.Acquisition of lands in Dindigul DistrictTHE COMMISSIONER OF LAND ADMINISTRATION AND THE DISTRICT COLLECTORSNotification No. VI(1)/ 104(a)/2024.--(No. 901271/2023/E2)2325-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat DepartmentsAMENDMENTS TO THE NOTIFICATIONS UNDER THE TAMIL NADU PROHIBITION ACT, 1937.HOME, PROHIBITION AND EXCISE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(1)/HOPE/4(c)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 2, Home, Prohibition and Excise (III), 25th January 20242224-01-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Market Borrowing Programme of State Government by AuctionFINANCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(1)/FIN/4(b-1)/2024.--[No.698(L)/W&M-II/2024]; Notification No. II(1)/FIN/4(b-2)/2024.--[No.699(L)/W&M-II/2024]2124-01-2024Part III--Section 1aGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat DepartmentsAmendment to the Tamil Nadu Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Rules, 2017.REVENUE AND DISASTER MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A-1(a)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 21, Revenue and Disaster Management Department, Land Administration Wing, LA I(1), 24th January 20242024-01-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Prorogation of the Tamil Nadu Legislative AssemblyTAMIL NADU LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY SECRETARIATNotification No. II(1)/LAS/4(a)/2024.--S.O.Ms.No. 7, Legislative Assembly Secretariat, 24th January 20241923-01-2024Part VI--Section 1Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, Etc.Acquisition of Lands.--FORM OF NOTICE UNDER SUB-SECTION(1) OF SECTION 3 OF THE TAMIL NADU ACQUISITION OF LAND FOR INDUSTRIAL PURPOSES ACT, 1997 READ WITH THE TAMIL NADU LAND ACQUISITION LAWS (REVIVAL OF OPERATION, AMENDMENT AND VALIDATION) ACT, 2019.THE COMMISSIONER OF LAND ADMINISTRATION, CHEPAUK, CHENNAI-600 005Notification No. VI(1)/ 24(b-1)/2024.--(CLA-SIP/2024/55/01/03/0001)1923-01-2024Part VI--Section 1Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, Etc.Acquisition of Lands.--NOTICE UNDER SECTION 3(1) OF TAMIL NADU ACQUISITION OF LAND FOR INDUSTRIAL PURPOSES ACT, 1997.THE COMMISSIONER OF LAND ADMINISTRATION, CHEPAUK, CHENNAI-600 005Notification No. VI(1)/ 24(b-2)/2024.--(LA-IV-1/6249104/2023); Notification No. VI(1)/ 24(b-3)/2024.--(LA-IV-1/6440107/2023); Notification No. VI(1)/ 24(b-4)/2024.--(LA-IV-1/6400521/2023)1823-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.CONSTITUTION OF JUVENILE JUSTICE BOARD IN MAYILADUTHURAI DISTRICT UNDER THE JUVENILE JUSTICE (CARE AND PROTECTION OF CHILDREN) ACT, 2015 [CENTRAL ACT 2 OF 2016] AND THE TAMIL NADU JUVENILE JUSTICE (CARE AND PROTECTION OF CHILDREN) RULES, 2017.SOCIAL WELFARE AND WOMEN EMPOWERMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/SWWE/49(d)/2024.--G.O. (D). No. 19, Social Welfare and Women Empowerment [SW 8(1)] , 23rd January 20241722-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Annexation of Ponneri Police Station and Thirupalaivanam Police Station of Thiruvallur District with Avadi Police Commissionerate under the Chennai City Police Act, 2022 - Amendment to Notification.HOME DEPARTMENT (Police-XIV)Notification No. II(2)/HO/49(c)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 17, Home (Police.XIV), 8th January 20241622-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Annexation of Attayampatti Police Station and Karipatti Police Station of Salem District with Salem City under the Chennai City Police Act, 1997--Amendment to Notification.HOME DEPARTMENT (Police-XIV)Notification No. II(2)/HO/49(b)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 692, Home (Police.XIV), 21st December 20231522-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Appointment of Two State Information Commissioners of the Tamil Nadu Information Commission under the Right to Information Act, 2005.HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/HRM/49(a)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 14, Human Resources Management (AR-III), 22nd January 20241418-01-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Market Borrowing Programme of State Government by AuctionFINANCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(1)/FIN/3(a-1)/2024.--[No.696(L)/W&M-II/2024]; Notification No. II(1)/FIN/3(a-2)/2024.--[No.697(L)/W&M-II/2024]1314-01-2024Part III--Section 1aGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Framing of Tamil Nadu Land Pooling Area Development Schme Rules, 2024.HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENTNotiification No. SRO A-D/2024--G.O.Ms.No. 16, Housing and Urban Development [UD4(1)], 14th January 20241214-01-2024Part III--Section 1aGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Amendment to the Tamil Nadu Combined Development and Building Rules, 2019.HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A-(c)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 15, Housing and Urban Development [UD4(1)], 14th January 20241112-01-2024Part III--Section 1aGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat Departments.Amendment to the Tamil Nadu Urban Local Bodies Rules, 2023MUNICIPAL ADMINISTRATION AND WATER SUPPLY DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A-(b)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 2, Municipal Administration and Water Supply (MC.I), 12th January 20241011-01-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Market Borrowing Programme of State Government by AuctionFINANCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(1)/FIN/2(a)/2024.--[No.695(L)/W&M-II/2024]911-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Amendment to the Right to Information Act, 2005.HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/HRM/40(a)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 03, Human Resources Management (AR-III), 11th January 2024809-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Formation New Kanakiliyanallur Registration sub District under the Registration Act, 1908COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/17d/2024.--G.O.Ms. No.8, Commercial Taxes and Registration (G), 9th January 2024709-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification Under the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 - Amendments to NotificationCOMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/17(c-1)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 4, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 9th January 2024709-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification Under the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 - Amendments to NotificationCOMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/17(c-2)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 5, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 9th January 2024709-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification Under the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 - Amendments to NotificationCOMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/17(c-3)/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 6, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 9th January 2024709-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification Under the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 - Amendments to NotificationCOMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/17(c-4)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 7, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 9th January 2024609-01-2024Part III--Section 1aGeneral Statutory Rules, Notifications, Orders, Regulations, etc., issued by Secretariat DepartmentsAmendments to the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Rules, 2017COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. SRO A-B-1/2024.--G.O.Ms.No. 3, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 9th January 2024506-01-2024Part VI--Section 1Notifications of interest to the General Public issued by Heads of Departments, Etc.Notification Issued By Commissioner of State Tax, under The Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and the Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax Rules, 2017THE COMMISSIONER OF COMMERCIAL TAXES, EZHILAGAM, CHEPAUK, CHENNAI-600 005Notification No. VI(1)/ 24(a)/2024.--(No. 01/2024-PP2/GST-15/77/2023,Tamil Nadu Goods and Services Tax, Chennai, Friday, January 5, 2024)404-01-2024Part II--Section 1Notifications or Orders of specific character or of particular interest to the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Market Borrowing Programme of State Government by AuctionFINANCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(1)/FIN/1(a)/2024.--[No.694(L)/W&M-II/2024]304-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Acquisition of Lands--FORM-VI--DeclarationWATER RESOURCES DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/WR/17(b)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 93, Water Resources (N2) Department, 29th December 2023204-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Acquisition of Lands--Form-VI--Declaration--Unit - Viii Block -2INDUSTRIES, INVESTMENT PROMOTION AND COMMERCE DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/IIPC/17(a)/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 1, Industries, Investment Promotion and Commerce (GIM) Department, 4th January 2024, Margazhi 19, Sobhakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2054102-01-2024Part II--Section 2Notifications or Orders of interest to a Section of the public issued by Secretariat Departments.Notification under the Tamil Nadu Goods And Services Tax Act, 2017.COMMERCIAL TAXES AND REGISTRATION DEPARTMENTNotification No. II(2)/CTR/A/2024.--G.O. Ms. No. 1, Commercial Taxes and Registration (B1), 2nd January 2024"
Department: "RURAL DEVELOPMENT AND PANCHAYAT RAJ DEPARTMENT"
G.O No: "Notification No. II(2)/RDPR/85(c)/2024.--G.O.Ms. No. 26, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj (PR-4), 16th February 2024"
---

TAMIL NADU
GOVERNMENT GAZETTE
EXTRAORDINARY 
PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
 
© 
[Regd. No. TN/CCN/467/2012-14.
 GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU 
[R. Dis. No. 197/2009. 
 
 
 
2024 
[Price: Re. 0.80 Paise. 
No. 50] 
CHENNAI, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Maasi 4, Sobakiruthu, Thiruvalluvar Aandu-2055
Part II—Section 2
Notiﬁ cations or Orders of interest to a Section of the public 
issued by Secretariat Departments.
NOTIFICATIONS BY GOVERNMENT
RURAL DEVELOPMENT AND PANCHAYAT RAJ DEPARTMENT
REMOVAL OF CHAIRMAN OF GANGAVALLI PANCHAYAT UNION  COUNCIL, SALEM DISTRICT
UNDER  THE  TAMIL NADU PANCHAYATS   ACT, 1994.
[G.O.Ms. No. 26, Rural Development and Panchayat Raj (PR-4), 16th February 2024, 
மாÒ 4, ேசாபÐĉĄ, ÖĉவÈčவÄ ஆ¾Ă-2055.]
No. II(2)/RDPR/85(c)/2024.
WHEREAS,  a written notice of the intention to make a motion expressing want of conﬁ dence in Tmt.B.Priya, Chairman, 
Gangavalli Panchayat Union Council, Salem district, signed by nine members, out of the sanctioned strength of eleven 
members of the said Council, together with a copy of the motion proposed to be made and a written statement of charges 
against the said Chairman have been delivered to the Revenue Divisional Oﬃ  cer, Attur, Salem district in person by nine 
members as per sub-section (2) of section 212 of the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994 (Tamil Nadu Act 21 of 1994);
AND WHEREAS, the Revenue Divisional Oﬃ  cer, Attur, Salem district caused a copy of the statement of charges 
along with a copy of the notice of motion to be delivered, to the said Chairman Tmt.B.Priya and she submitted her reply to 
the charges;
AND WHEREAS, a motion expressing want of conﬁ dence in Tmt.B.Priya, Chairman, Gangavalli Panchayat Union 
Council, Salem district had been carried with a support of nine members out of the sanctioned strength of eleven members 
of the said Panchayat Union Council in the meeting convened by the Revenue Divisional Oﬃ  cer, Attur, Salem district on 
the18th December 2023 after following the procedures specified in the said section 212 and forwarded the same to the 
Government;
NOW THEREFORE, in exercise of the powers conferred by sub-section (13) of section 212 of  the Tamil Nadu 
Panchayats Act, 1994 (Tamil Nadu Act 21 of 1994), the Governor of Tamil Nadu hereby removes Tmt.B.Priya, Chairman, 
Gangavalli Panchayat Union Council, Salem district from the oﬃ  ce of the Chairman of the said Panchayat Union Council 
with immediate eﬀ ect.
     
 P.  SENTHILKUMAR,  
 
 
Principal Secretary to Government.
 
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY THE COMMISSIONER OF STATIONERY AND PRINTING, CHENNAI  
ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT OF TAMIL NADU
II-2 Ex. (50)—1
